Subject: await your response
Dear partner,
We are a team of government officials that belong to an eight - man committee in the presidential cabinet as well as the senate.
At the moment, we will be requiring your assistance in a matter that involves investment of monies, which we intend to transfer to your account, upon clarification and a workable agreement reached in consummating the project with you. Based on a recommendation from an associate concerning your integrity, loyalty and understanding, we deemed it necessary to contact you accordingly. All arrangements in relation to this investment initiative, as well as the initial capital for its take off has been tactically set aside to commence whatever business you deemed fit, that will turn around profit favourably. We request you immediately contact us if you will be favorably disposed to act as a partner in this venture, and possibly will afford us the opportunity to discuss whatever proposal you may come up with. Also
Bear in mind that the initial capital that we shall send across will not exceed $13, 731, 000, 00 usd (thirteen million seven hundred and thirty one thousand united states dollars) so whatever areas of investment your proposal shall cover, please it should be within the set aside capital. In this regard, the proposal you may wish to discuss with us should be comprehensive enough for our better understanding; with special emphasis on the following:
1. The tax obligationin your country
2. The initial capital base required in your proposed
Investment area, as well as;
3. The legal technicalities in setting up a
Business in your country with foreigners as share - holders
4. The most convenient and secured mode of receiving the funds without our direct involvement.
5. Your ability to provide a beneficiary/partnership account with a minimal deposit, where we shall transfer the funds into subsequently.
Another area that we wish to explicitly throw more light on, is the process we have conceived in transferring the funds into the account you shall be providing. Since we are the owners of the funds, and the money will be leaving the apex bank of my country, we shall purposefully fulfill the legal obligations precedent to transferring
Such huge amount of funds, without arousing suspicion from any quarter as a drug or terrorist related funds; and this will assist us in the long run to forestall any form of investigations. Remember that, on no account must we be seen or perceived to be directly connected with the transfer of funds. You will be the one to be doing all these, and in the course of transfer, if for any reason whatsoever, you incurred some bills, we shall adequately retire same, upon the successful confirmation of the funds in your account. The commencement of this project is based on your ability to convince us of the need to invest in whatever business you have chosen, and to trust your personality and status, especially as it concerns the security of the
Funds in your custody.
I await your response,
Sincerely,
John adams
(chairman senate committee on banks and currency)
Call number: 234 - 802 - 306 - 8507
