Subject: breaking news fbgo" wanna be a millionaire" isrntv
*
News bulletin *
First
Bingo inc otcbb: fbgo. Ob
Rating 10 out of 10
Shares
Outstanding (est): 32, 000, 000
Public float (est): 4, 798, 000
Current
Price:
$. 39
6
Month price projection:
$1. 80
52
Week high
$1. 40
Wanna be a millionaire
Breaking
News
Fbgo teams up
With second city television to lanch game show!
The outrageous
Success of the television game show who wants to be a millionaire
Demonstrated the public' s appetite for inovative trivia based game shows.
Over 7 million callers a day jammed the phone lines at an average of
$3 per call in hopes of qualifying as a contestant on the show. Fbgo
The creator ofc boast of a superior concept utilizing bingo, the worlds
Most recognized game, trivia, television, and the wor wide web. Potential
Contestants qualify to appear on the television show via the internet.
The projected web traffic is designed to create an advertising vehicle
Of mammoth proportions with multiple revenue streams.
Market
Potential
Bingo is the
World' s most recognized page! Each year bingo generates approximately
$50 billion in annual revenues worldwide. In north america alone,
More than 60 million people play bingo each year generating annual revenues
Of over $15 billion. Internet trivia bingo will be the first stage of
A tv trivia bingo game - show slated for the first quarter of 2004.
Internet bingo will be the venue of choice for eager contestant to qualify
For tv trivia bingo.
Recent
Developements
Toronto, dec.
16, 2003 (primezone) - - first bingo (otc bb: fbgo. Ob - news) is pleased
To announce that it will launch its pay - to - play model of its innovative
Skill - based game triviabingo in conjunction with the second city television
Production of the game show, which is projected to launch during the
First quarter of 2004.
Toronto, nov.
6, 2003 (primezone) - - mr. Richard wachter, president of first bingo (otc
Bb: fbgo. Ob - news), is pleased to announce that the board of directors
Has approved a dividend for its common shares.
Toronto, june
3, 2003 (primezone) - - first bingo (otc bb: fbgo. Ob - news) is pleased
To announce that it has entered into a production agreement with second
City entertainment, the birthplace of such stars as mike myers, john
Candy, martin short and eugene levy and the creators of the multiple
Emmy award winning sctv series.
Corporate
Snapshot
First bingois a
U. S. Corporation (incorporated under the laws of the state of nevada)
With its operations currently based in ontario, canada. First bingois
A u. S. Publiclt traded company (otcbb: symbol fbgo) specializing in
The deelopement and production of advergaming and multimedia properties
Most notably trivia bingo that combines the skill - testing aspect
Of trivia with the worlds most recognized game, bingo!
Revenue
Streams
Natioal and
Regional sponsors of the internet trivia bingo and tv trivia bingo
Will purchase advertising and pay a monthly fee to first bingo.
Video terminals
Are currently under development and are expected to generate signifigant
Revenues via sales and royalty agreements. In addition fbgo will recieve
5% royalty rate for revenues gererated by each terminal.
Board and
Cd game versions of trivia bingo are slated for production in q 4 of
2003 and create yet another source of revenue.
Final
Considerations
35. 1 million
People played online games in the year 2000. That number is expected
To rise to 104. 9 million by the year 2005.
Online games
Are growing at a rate of 25% annually.
Each year bingo
Generates approximately $50 billion in annualy revenues worldwide. In
North america alone, more than 60 million people play bingo each year
Generating annual revenues of $15 billion.
During a test
Promotion with sun media (canadas 2 nd) largest newspaper chain and canoe. Ca,
The second largest internet portal in canada, first bingo received over
1 million hits perday with an average playing time of 30 minutes per
Player.
Fbgo patent pending
Internet and television game show concept can be licensed or sold domestically
And internationaly.
* * * * * * *
Important notice and disclaimer: please read * * * * * * *
Stock - wiz. Com
Publishes reports providing information on selected companies. Stock - wiz. Com
Is not a registered investment advisor or broker - dealer. This report
Is provided as an information service only, and the statements and opinions
In this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to
Buy or sell any security. Stock - wiz. Com accepts no liability for any
Loss arising from an investor' s reliance on or use of this report. An
Investment in htbI is considered to be highly speculative and should
Not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment.
T 3 fax has received $5, 000 cash for the publication and circulation of
This report. This report contains forward - looking statements, which
Involve risks, and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ
Materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements. Copyright
2003 by stock - wiz. Com. All rights reserved.
