Subject: urgent news alert! (otcbb: gspm) gold is hot!
Stock
Profile
Company name
Golden spirit minerals ltd
Stock symbol
Otcbb: gspm
Current price
$0. 044
Shares
Outstanding
40. 7
Million
Approx.
Float
29. 2 million
Gspm
Highlights
Corporate
Profile
Press
Release
Important disclaimer and information:
Verify all claims and do your own due diligence. Stocks to play (s 2 p) profiles are not a
Solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities.
S 2 p is not offering securities for sale. All statements and expressions are the
Sole opinion of
S 2 p and are subject to change without notice. The companies that are discussed in
This opinion have not approved the statements made in this opinion. This release may contain
Statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of
The securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21 e the securities exchange act of 1934,
As amended. The words" may"" would,"" will,"" expect,"" estimate,"" anticipate,"" believe,"
" intend," and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify
Forward - looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements
Are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which
Are beyond the company' s ability to control, and that actual results may differ materially
From those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various factors. This
Profile is not without bias, and is a paid advertisement.
S 2 p is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or
Subscribers.
S 2 p is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor. It is strongly
Recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser, or a
Broker - dealer, or a member of any financial regulatory bodies. The information contained
In
S 2 p profiles is provided as an information only service. The accuracy or
Completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as reliable as the sources from
Which it was obtained. Investing in micro cap stocks is extremely risky and, investors are
Cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in
Gspm.
S 2 p has been compensated two million free trading shares of gspm by a third party
Non - affiliate (charlton investments ltd). The reader should verify all claims and do their
Own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned. Investing in securities is
Speculative and carries a high degree of risk. We encourage our readers to invest carefully
And read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange
Commission (" sec") at
Http:// www. Sec. Gov and/or the
National association of securities dealers (" nasd") at
Http:// www. Nasd. Com. We also
Strongly recommend that you read the sec advisory to investors concerning internet stock
Fraud, which can be found at
Http:// www. Sec. Gov/consumer/cyberfr. Htm.
Readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec' s edgar page. The nasd has
Published information on how to invest carefully at its web site.
S 2 p intends to sell all or a portion of the gspm stock at or about the time of
Publication of this report. Subsequently
S 2 p may buy or sell shares of gspm stock in the open market. Since
S 2 p has been compensated there is an inherent conflict of interest.
This message was sent to address paliourg@ iit. Demokritos. Gr to stop receiving emails from this recurring list, send a blank email to unsub - xceescerwmikb@ stocksnut. Comorsend a mail with your email address to
Now technologies, 2234 north federal highway suite 481, boca raton, florida 33431