Subject: cfp: int. Conf. On web delivering of music, wedelmusic 2004, barcelona, spain
Sorry for any multiple reception of this message.
If you do not want to receive further information about wedelmusic 2004, please send back an email with remove on the subject.
The topics of this e - mail are:
Call for papers, submission deadline: 27 th february 2004
4 th international conference on web delivering of music, wedelmusic 2004
Universitat pompeu fabra, barcelona, spain
13 th - 15 th september 2004
Call for contribution, submission within the 10 th of february
3 rd open workshop musicnetwork, munich, march 2004
Mpeg ahg on music notation requirements
13 - 14 of march 2004, munich, germany
Announcement of co - location of
4 th open workshop musicnetwork
Universitat pompeu fabra, barcelona, spain
14 th - 16 th september 2004
Cheers,
Paolo nesi, jaime delgado, kia ng
Call for papers
4 th international conference on web delivering of music, wedelmusic 2004
Universitat pompeu fabra, barcelona, spain
13 th - 15 th september 2004
Http:// www. Upf. Edu/wedelmusic 2004/http:// www. Wedelmusic. Org /
Content distribution is presently not anymore limited to music and is becoming more
Cross media oriented. New distribution models for old and new content formats are
Opening new paths: I - tv, mobile phones, pdas, etc. The development of the internet
Technologies introduces strong impact on system architectures and business processes. New national and international regulations, policies and market evolution are
Constraining the distribution mechanisms. Novel distribution models, development
And application of pervasive computing and multimedia strongly influence this multI -
Disciplinary field. The need of content control and monitoring is demanding effective
Digital rights management (drm) solutions integrated with sustainable business and
Transaction models. These technologies impact on the production and modelling of
Cross media content.
Wedelmusic - 2004 aims to explore these major topics in cross media field, to address
Novel approaches for distributing content to larger audiences, providing wider access
And encouraging broader participation. The impact of these developments on cultural
Heritage is also considered, together with their availability to people with limited access to content.
The conference is open to all the enabling technologies behind these problems. We
Are promoting discussion and interaction among researchers, practitioners, developers,
Final users, technology transfer experts, and project managers.
Topics
Topics of interest include, but are not restricted to:
- - protection formats and tools for music
- - transaction models for delivering music, business models for publishers
- - copyright ownership protection
- - digital rights management
- - high quality audio coding
- - watermarking techniques for various media types
- - formats and models for distribution
- - music manipulation and analysis, transcoding, etc..
- - music and tools for impaired people - braille
- - publishers and distributors servers
- - cross media delivery on multI - channel systems, mobile, I - tv, pdas, internet, etc.
- - automatic cross media content production
- - mpeg - 4, mpeg - 7 and mpeg - 21
- - viewing and listening tools for music
- - music editing and manipulation
- - music education techniques
- - content based retrieval
- - conversion and digital adaptation aspects, techniques and tools
- - music imaging, music sheet digitalisation,
- - solutions for cultural heritage valorisation
See for other topics the web site.
Research papers
Papers should describe original and significant work in the research and practice
Of the main topics listed above. Research case studies, applications and experiments
Are particularly welcome. Papers should be limited to approx. 2000 - 5000 words
(8 pages) in length. Of the accepted paper, 8 pages will be published in the conference
Proceedings. The conference proceedings book will be published by the ieee computer
Society.
Industrial papers
Proposals for papers and reports of applications and tools are also welcome.
These may consist of experiences from actual utilisation of tools or industrial
Practice and models. Proposals will be reviewed by the industrial members of the
Program committee. Papers should be limited to approx. 1000 - 2500 words (4 pages)
In length. Of the accepted paper, 4 pages will be published in the conference
Proceedings.
Submissions
All submissions and proposals should be written in english following the ieee
Format and submitted in pdf format via email to
Wedelmusico 4 - submission@ altair. Upf. Edu
By 27 th feb 2004.
4 th open workshop musicnetwork
Universitat pompeu fabra, barcelona, spain
14 th - 16 th september 2004
More details and the call for contribution will appear on:
Http:// www.. Org
After the 3 rd open workshop as described in the following section
The access is free of charge, supported by the european commission.
Call for contribution
3 rd open workshop musicnetwork, munich, march 2004
Mpeg ahg on music notation requirements
13 - 14 of march 2004, munich, germany
Http:// www.. Org
Located at:
Technische universit?t m?nchen, germany: http:// www. Mpeg - 68. De/location. Php
The open workshop of musicnetwork is at its third edition. The modeling ofmusic
Notation/representation is a complex problem. Music representation can be used
For several different purposes: entertainment, music education, infotainment,
Music archiving and retrieval, music querying, music production, music profiling,
Etc. In the current internet and multimedia age many other applications are
Strongly getting the market attention and most of them will become more diffuse
Of the present applications in short time. End users have discovered the multimedia
Experience, and thus, the traditional music models are going to be replaced by
Their integration with multimedia, audio visual, cross media. At present, there is
A lack of music notation/representation standard integrated with multimedia. The
Aim of this workshop is to make a further step to arrive at standardizing a music
Notation/representation model and decoder integrated into the mpeg environment,
That presently can be regarded as the most active and powerful set of standard
Formats for multimedia consumers.
The topics of the workshop are related mainly focused on:
- - music notation/representation requirements
- - music protection and distribution
- - music description and its usage on archive query
Please contribute with your work on the above topics, for details see the www site
Of the workshop.
The access is be free of charge, supported by the european commission.
4 th open workshop musicnetwork
Universitat pompeu fabra, barcelona, spain
14 th - 16 th september 2004
More details and the call for contribution will appear on:
Http:// www.. Org
After the 3 rd open workshop as described in the following section
The access is be free of charge, supported by the european commission.
