Subject: urgent message
Mr francis oma
Attn: director/ceo,
A cry for family help.
I am mr francis oma the first son of the late mr. Peter oma. My father had served mr b. H. Lions who was an irish citizen and a successful farmer in our remote village. My father served him for many years and inherited his farm after his death. My father became an executive member of the farmers association in the western mashonaland province of zimbabwe. He also became a successful businessman, because of the recent uprising in my country and the war veterans and farmers clashing, my father decided that it would be safer if my younger brother and I move to south africa to escape the violence.
We left zimbabwe with two boxes containing the sum of us $11. 5 m (eleven million, five hundred thousand united states dollars only) and valuables (diamonds) worth us $5 m. My father has instructed us to deposit it with a private security company on our arrival.
He also instructed me not to reveal the contents of the box to anyone for security reasons and all the documents pertaining to this deposition.
Barely two months after we moved to johannesburg, we got information that my father' s farm had been invaded and that my parent and most of his workers had been killed. My father' s property and farmland have now been taken over by the war veterans.
I believe that this has been the work of people who did not like my father because of white owned farms. We could not even attend the funerals of my parents as we also now fear for our dear lives. Our reason for contacting you is to seek for your assistance in providing an overseas bank account where we can transfer this fund. Have in mind that this is a risk free business as we have conclude a modality for the transfer. Your participation gives you 20% of the total sum, 7% for all expense in curred during this business while 73% is for my younger brother and i. The diamond will be discussed at our arrival.
We do not know much about diamonds or how to invest this money so we will also need your assistance in this regard. We have agreed to give you a share of the money if you are willing to assit us, should this proposal meet your utmost consideration, please do not hesitate to contact my brother or me on the above email address.
The confidentiality of this proposal cannot be overemphasized as we believe that you will oblige with us the needed security and attention it demands. Please treat this proposal with the utmost regard, and the confidentiality of these business should not be over - emphasised.
Please response on this email address; francisoma@ zwallet. Com
Waiting for your favourable response.
Thanks and god bless,
(from mr francis oma).
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Powered by telstra. Com
