Subject: new profile (otcbb: cinm) the stock to watch
Cinm highlights
About cinm
Cinm was down 50% on friday on no negative news whatsoever. After the stock market closed cinm issued a news release estimating growth targets for 2004 - 2006.
Watch for dead cat bounce in the days ahead for no other reason than new news and a rebound from a precipitous drop in stock price.
Important disclaimer and information:
Verify all claims and do your own due diligence. Daily double stock reporter (ddsr) profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Ddsr is not offering securities for sale. All statements and expressions are the sole opinion of ddsr and are subject to change without notice. The companies that are discussed in this opinion have not approved the statements made in this opinion. This release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21 e the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. The words may would, will, expect, estimate, anticipate, believe, intend, and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company' s ability to control, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various factors. This profile is not without bias, and is a paid advertisement. Ddsr is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers. Ddsr is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor. It is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser, or a broker - dealer, or a member of any financial regulatory bodies. The information contained in ddsr profiles is provided as an information only service. The accuracy or completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained. Investing in micro cap stocks is extremely risky and, investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in cinm.
Ddsr has been compensated 1, 000, 000 free trading shares of cinm by wolverine inv., a non - affiliated third party. The reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned. Investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk. We encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission (sec) at
Http:// www. Sec. Gov and/or the national association of securities dealers (nasd) at http:// www. Nasd. Com. We also strongly recommend that you read the sec advisory to investors concerning internet stock fraud, which can be found at http:// www. Sec. Gov/consumer/cyberfr. Htm. Readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec' s edgar page. The nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site. Ddsr intends to sell all or a portion of the cinm stock at or about the time of publication of this report. Subsequently ddsr may buy or sell shares of cinm stock in the open market. Since ddsr has been compensated there is an inherent conflict of interest.
This message was sent to address paliourg@ iit. Demokritos. Gr to stop receiving emails from this recurring list, send a blank email to unsub - ubmmabmwfzqafd@ upper - web - side. Comorsend a mail with your email address to
Now technologies, 2234 north federal highway suite 481, boca raton, florida 33431