Subject: from dr kenneth
From dr kenneth okoh,
Ecobank benin
Rue gouverneur bayol
01 b. P. 1280 rp cotonou
Tilex: 5394 ecobnk ctnou
Phone #+ 229 - 40 - 25 - 86
Atten:
Re: transfer of (usd 26 million)
I want to transfer to overseas ($26, 000. 000. 00 usd) twenty six million united states dollars) from ecobank, benin. I have the courage to ask for your assistance to handle this important and confidential business to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a/c immediately to receive this money, even an empty a/c can serve to receive this funds quitely.
I am dr kenneth okoh the accountant/auditor in ecobank, benin and personal confidant to dr. Ravindra f. Shah who died together with his wife dr. Mrs. Manjula parikh - shah in a planecrash on the lst oct. 2003 on their way to attend a wedding in boston.
Mr. Ravindra f. Shah, is an american, a physician and industrialist, he died last year without having any beneficiary to his assets including his account herein benin which he opened in a eco bank, benin in the year 2000 as his personal savings for the purpose of expansion and developement of his company before his untimely death in 2003. The amount involved is (usd
26, 000. 000. 00 usd) twenty six million united states dollars and no other person knows about this account. I am contacting you for me to transfer this funds to your account as the beneficiary, I am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money cannot be approved to a local person here, without valid international foreign passport, but can only be approved to any foreigner with valid international passport or drivers license and foreign a/c because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the a/c mr. Ravindra f. Shah is a foreigner too, and as such the money can only be approved into a foreign a/c.
However, I am revealing this to you with belief in god that you will never let me down in this business. You are the first and the only person that I am contacting for this business, so please reply urgently so that I will inform you the next step to take urgently. Send also your private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account to be used for the transfer. I need your full co - operation to make this work because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account, which I will give to you, upon your positive response and once I am convinced that you are capable and will meet up with
Instruction of a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this business.
At the conclusion of this business, you will be given 40% of the total amount, 60% will be for me. I look forward to your earliest reply through
My email or you call me on phone.
Yours' faithfully,
Dr kenneth okoh
Call me for more info. + 229 - 40 - 25 - 86
