Subject: grab as much as you can by timing the market e
Market watch news flash
Explosive short term trading profits in a new technology
Issue (ticker: srge) are being predicted as many
Significant news releases indicate strong contractual
Revenues with major telecom firms.
Srge has been successfully working with telecommunications
Giants (with five million subscriber lines) over the last 4
Years, but is now projecting a banner expansion year with
Geometric growth in revenues due largely to sales demands
For their innovative patented products and expansion into
International telecom markets.
Surge technologies, inc. (srge) is a cutting - edge leader
That designs, develops, manufactures, and markets superior
Patented outside plant electrical surge protection
Equipment for the telecommunications industry.
The us sales projections for this market are $4 billion
Annually, with this figure growing rapidly as the
Expansion of new hdsl and adsl technologies permeate
The industry.
Srge provides the telecom industry with the highest
Quality protection element for complex digital switches.
Protecting these telecom switching devices is crucial to
Inclusive components that are sensitive to interruptions
In voltage which can cause extensive network damage, thus
Negating costly and time - consuming repair and down - time.
Major telecoms require this protection throughout their
Network in order to prevent the hazards of harming
Personnel, damaging expensive equipment, and massive
System failures.
Opening price: 1. 00
10 day target: 2. 30
1 month target: 4. 50
Outstanding shares: 16. 5 million
Est. Float: 2. 2 million
How many times have you seen issues explode but you
Couldn' t get your hands on them or didn' t have the right
Information in time? We are alerting you now to a special
Company with a unique technology that is on the forefront
Of a breakout! We are excited about srge' s technology
And expansion as they prepare to ink deal after deal with
Major us telecoms in conjunction with dramatic increases
In revenue for 2004 and 2005. Srge has made phenomenal
Advancements but may be one of the few stocks left in
This industry group that is unknown and undervalued,
Therefore a 300% - 400% jump may wind up being conservative.
Information within this email contains forward looking
Statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the
Securities act of 1933 and section 21 b and the securities
Exchange act of 1934. Any statements that express or
Involve discussions with respect to predictions, goals,
Expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives,
Assumptions or future events or performance are not
Statements of historical fact and may be forward
Looking statements.
Forward looking statements are based upon expectations,
Estimates and projections, at the time the statements
Are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties
Which could cause actual results or events to differ
Materially from those presently anticipated. Forward
Looking statements in this action may be identified
Through the use of words such as: projects, foresee,
Expects, estimates, believes, understands, will,
Anticipates, or that by statements indicating certain
Actions may, could, or might occur. All information
Provided within this email pertaining to investing, stocks,
Securities must be understood as information provided and
Not investment advice. Emerging equity alert advises all
Readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered
Professional securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the
Material within this report shall be construed as any kind
Of investment advice.
In compliance with section 17 (b), we disclose the holdings
Of independently purchased shares of srge prior to the
Publication of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict
Of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent
To profit from the liquidation of these shares. Shares may
Be sold at any time, even after positive statements have
Been made regarding the above company.
K x
L y buj eebcdgdc xjy ga p
Wpt
Jgc z zko d xqkpru ijcvs cn
