Subject: our recommendations make you big money
C. D. Financial newsletter
Alert:
Strong buy
Issued on dtoi
News alert * * * * * * * * 3/25/2004 4: 00 pm est
* dtomI receives request for quote for tandem axle
Enclosed trailers *
* dtoI up 50% *
Dtomi, inc.
Symbol: dtoI otc. Bb
Price $1. 25
Shares out: 26 million
Market capitalization: $24 million
Significant revenue growth in 2004
Rating: strong buy
7 days trading target: $2. 00
30 day trading target: $3. 50
* * strong buy alert * * strong
Buy alert * *
Dtomi, inc. (dtomI or the
Company) markets a unique air spring suspension system, air spring axlet
, that allows small to medium - sized trailers to be lowered to near flush with
The ground, greatly improving the safety and ease with which heavy cargo can be
Loaded and unloaded. An aggressive commercialization schedule may bring
Profitability by mid 2004.
Dtomi, inc is about to
Release big news in the next week and the stock is expected to rise through the
Roof. As one of our subscribers you already probably reaped the benefits of our
China world trade corp (cwtd) recommendation 2 weeks ago. Cwtd rose 900% in
Only 3 days and all of our subscribers turned a quick buck! Don' t delay
And get in on the action early!! Dtomi, inc. (dtoi) is about to explode so get
In on the action before it' s too late!
·
Dtomi, inc. (dtomI or the
Company) markets a unique air spring suspension system, airspring axle, that
Allows small to medium - sized trailers to be lowered to near flush with the
Ground, greatly improving the safety and ease with which heavy cargo can be
Loaded and unloaded
·
Over 2 million small to medium
Sized trailers are sold annually in the us.
These trailers are priced up to and over $5, 000,
And are marketed to rental agencies, home - improvement retailers that maintain
Rental fleets, and individuals who need to haul heavy items such as contractor
Equipment, motorcycles, snowmobiles, jet skis, cars and horses.
·
Management estimates that the
Initial market for the company' s air spring axle system is $10 - $15 million.
There are thousands of trailer rental locations in the us, and the system can
Improve customer satisfaction, safety and labor requirements. DtomI is working
With a leading home improvement conducting a four - month test of 50 trailers.
·
The total market will grow to
$140 million as the system is licensed to trailer manufacturers.
DtomI plans to assist manufacturers with
Integration of the air spring axle system into existing trailer designs, and to
Collaborate with them on marketing efforts. Management expects licensing fees of
$200 - $300 per trailer.
·
DtomI expects be cash flow
Positive by the end of 2004. An
Aggressive multI - media marketing effort is underway, and rental fleet sales and
Licensing revenues are expected to bring high margins. The company recently
Raised approximately $1. 3 million in equity capital.
·
The company has begun
Aggressively marketing its product
Through a variety of methods, in an attempt to gain early market share and
Preempt any competition or patent infringements.
·
These trailers are sold to
Individual consumers, car and truck rental agencies, and
Hardware stores that maintain rental fleets. There are several thousand
Trailer rental locations in the u. S., including true value hardware,
With 4, 100 rental locations; united rentals, with 550 locations;
And home depot, with 520 locations.
·
Dtomi
Estimates that the near - term domestic market for the air spring axlet is 50, 000
Units per year, which should generate revenues of $10 to $15 million.
Overhead is low, and initial margins should exceed 30%. Commercialization is
Expected to ramp up very quickly, and the company expects to be cash flow
Positive by year - end 2004
·
Dtomi
Raised approximately $1. 26 million in equity
Financing through december 2003, management expects that this cash will cover
All important rollout operations and support the commercialization of the air
Spring axlet until breakeven is reached.
The
Rental and specialty trailer market
The 1992 census indicated that there are
Approximately 15 million small and medium sized trailers in the u. S., and that
About one million units are sold annually. Data from the leading trailer
Manufacturer, wells cargo, suggests that the market may be two million trailers
Per year. These trailers are sold to individual consumers, car and truck rental
Agencies, and hardware stores that maintain rental fleets. There are several
Thousand trailer rental locations in the u. S. Major proprietors include true
Value hardware, with 4, 100 rental locations; united rentals, with 550 locations;
And home depot, with 520 locations.
Do not waste
Your money investing in companies that don' t have what it takes to be
Successful. A track record of years of business is just the kind of foundation a
Great company needs to succeed.
Disclaimer:
Verify all claims and do your own due diligence. Apple investments, inc profiles
Are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Apple
Investments, inc is not offering securities for sale. An offer to buy or sell can
Be made only with accompanying disclosure documents and only in the states and
Provinces for which they are approved. All statements and expressions are the
Sole opinion of the editor and are subject to change without notice. Apple
Investments, inc is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or
Subscribers. It is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be
Discussed with a financial adviser, or a broker - dealer, or a member of any
Financial regulatory bodies. The information contained in apple investments, inc
Profiles is provided as an information service only. The accuracy or
Completeness of the information is not warranted and is only as reliable as the
Sources from which it was obtained. It should be understood the there is no
Guarantee past performance will be indicative of future results. Investors are
Cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a
Purchase in apple investments, inc profiled stocks. In order to be in full
Compliance with the securities act of 1933, section 17 (b), apple investments, inc
And its management receives fees from profiled companies or agents representing
The profiled companies. These fees may be paid in cash or in stock and they will
Be fully disclosed in each profile. Apple investments, inc has been compensated
Twenty thousand dollars cash for the dissemination for this report, by a third
Party. Neither apple investments, inc nor any of its affiliates, or employees
Shall be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damages from use of this
Information piece, caused in whole or part by its negligence or contingencies
Beyond its control in procuring, compiling, interpreting, reporting or
Delivering this e mail and any contents the reader should verify all claims and
Do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned.
Investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk. The
Information found in this home page is protected by the copyright laws of the
United states and may not be copied, or reproduced in any way without the
Expressed, written consent of the editor of apple investments, inc.
Gfymo enxcf gjxsd rmxjx rwtre pwtkkmtyep pkhnh trdoj ktowv ikgra pphzv zzsyt sudlz
