Subject: congratulations
From: the lottery coordinator,
International promotions/prize award department
Dear sir/madam,
Results for third category draws
Royal stakes south africa wishes to inform you of the
Results of it' s third category draws held on the 3 rd
April 2004. We are happy to officially inform you that
You have emerged a winner under our third category
Draws, which is part of our promotional draws.
Participants were selected through a computer ballot
System drawn from 40, 000 names/email addresses of
Individuals and companies from africa, america, asia,
Canada, europe, middle east, and oceania as part of
Our international promotions program.
You/your company, attached to ticket number
28 - 04 - 1376, with serial number 20 - 431 drew the lucky
Numbers 12, 18, 21, 32, 41, 47 (31), and consequently
Won in the third category.
You have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of
Us $2, 500, 000. 00 (two million five hundred thousand
United states dollars) in cash, which is the winning
Payout for third category winners. This is from the
Total prize money of us $5, 000, 000. 00 shared between 2
International winners in the third category.
Congratulations!!!
Your fund is now deposited with apex finance and
Investment group insured in your name. In your best
Interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names
Of any kind, we request that you keep the entire
Details of your award strictly from public notice
Until the process of transferring your claims has been
Completed, and your funds remitted to your account.
This is part of our security protocol to avoid double
Claiming or unscrupulous acts by
Participants/nonparticipants of this program.
We also wish to bring to your notice our mid year
(2004) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning
Up to us $25. 5 million, we hope that with a part of
Your prize you will participate.
Please contact your claims agent immediately, to begin
Your claims process;
Mr. Joshua leon,
Foreign department manager,
Apex finance and investment group.
Tel/fax: + 27 828675346
Email: joshualeon 7@ apexfandigroupsa. Net
For due processing and remittance of your prize money
To a designated account of your choice.
Remember, you must contact your claims agent not later
Than two weeks from the date of receipt of this mail.
After this date, all funds will be returned as
Unclaimed.
Note: for easy reference and identification, find
Below your reference and batch numbers, remember to
Quote these numbers in every one of your
Correspondence with your claims agent.
Reference number: 3 rss - 7
Batch number: nd - 21
Congratulations once again from all our staff and
Thank you for being part of our promotions program.
Sincerely,
The lottery coordinator,
Royal stakes, south africa.
11 parkfield road,
Illovo, jhb.
South africa..
Tel/fax: + 27 823622669
N. B. Any breach of confidentiality on the part of the
Winners will result to disqualification. Please do not
Reply to this mail. Contact your claims agent. (terms
And conditions apply)
Mail sent from noise pollution radio webmail
- http:// radio. Noisepollution. Com
