Subject: strong buy alert: weekly member newsletter
Gotham
Financial daily
Bioelectronics corp.
(otc pink sheets: biel)
* * mega
Trading alert * *
Special - alert - biel. Pk
Check out the
Gains from recent
Strong - buy
Recommendations...
December? Htsc at
. 70 high 3. 25.... 410%
Gain!
January?... Qlhc at 90 high 3. 50.... 389%
Gain!
April??..... Ipys at. 30 high 1. 10..... 266%
In two days
These types of gains
Happen every day in the world of pink sheets! Lets look at today' s
Featured company: bioelectronics corp.
Bioelectronics
Corp: biel
Current - price:
$0. 80
Reasons to buy
Biel. Pk: biel
(bioelectronics corporation) is taking proven medical technologies and
Making them available to more people in new convenient, cost - effective
Dermal patches. By applying advanced microelectronic technology,
Bioelectronics is dramatically reducing the size and the cost of some
Well - establ
Biel first fda cleared product, actipatch (tm) therapy is a dermal
Patch with an embedded microchip that delivers weeks of continuous pulsed
Electromagnetic energy. Actipatch therapy is the miniaturized
Equivalent of the large pulsed electromagnetic energy machines prescribed by
Physicians for decades to reduce swelling, relieve pain and enhance the
Healing of surgical incisions, accidental wounds, sprains, strains and
Chronic wounds (bedsores). Actipatch' s size, portability, ease of use
And relatively low price overcomes the obstacles to use associated with the
Large, expensive, stationary machines. The introduction of actipatch
Provides an immediate therapeutic alternative for the 200 million surgical
And non - surgical soft tissue injuries across the u. S. Annually.
Bioelectronics has launched it' s actipatch product line in cooperative
Distribution relationships with several well - established medical device
Companies in various medical market segments.
New
Products and additional applications: biel and leading pharmaceutical
And device manufacturers and conducting new clinical trials. These
Trials include: abdominoplasty - - pain; face and forehead lifts - - pain and
Edema, facial fat injections - - pain and edema; heel - - pain and healing;
Oral surgery - - pain; swelling and accelerated healing; and abdominal
Surgery - - pain and accelerated healing. Successful results in these
Trials will be published and used to secure additional fda approved
Indications of use.
Biel is developing
Products for the treatment of chronic pain, arthritis, inflammatory skin
Conditions, and chronic wounds.
Information within this email contains forward looking statements
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, goals,
Expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or
Future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and
May be forward looking statements.
Forward looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and
Projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of
Risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to
Differ materially from those presently anticipated. Forward looking
Statements in this action may be identified through the use of words
Such as: projects, foresee, expects, estimates, believes,
Understands will, anticipates, or that by statements indicating
Certain actions may, could, or might occur. All information
Provided within this email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must be understood as information provided and not investment advice. We
Advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered
Professional securities representative before deciding to trade in
Stocks featured within this email. None of the material within this
Report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice. Gs research
And/or its officers and employees have been compensated $10, 000. 00 cash
By a third party for work involved in the preparation and production of
This reportin compliance with section 17 (b), we disclose the holding
Of independently purchased shares of the company mentioned prior to the
Publication of this report.. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
Interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from
The liquidation of these shares. Shares may be sold at any time, even
After positive statements have been made regarding the above company.
Short term trading targets are only guesses on our part. Keep in mind
That when trading small stocks like the company above there is a chance
You will lose every penny you invest. Furthermore there have been times
In the past when the company itself tells lies, gives false information
And puts out false news. This email is for entertainment purposes only.
This is not investment advice. We suggest you check with an investment
Professional before investing any stocks or mutual funds.
