Subject: analyst' s pick (23805)
Investor financial times report
Specializing in undervalued small cap stocks for immediate breakout
Erhc and exxon mobil exercise priority rights on highly sought after oil
Blocks in nigeria and sao tome' s joint development zone (jdz) in the
Gulf of guinea.
Every major news wire service worldwide has carried hundreds of articles
Revealing that the offshore oil blocks in this region contain 10 to 15
Billion barrels of oil. The jdz line - up tipped to take over upcoming
Blocks includes exxon mobil, erhc, chevron texaco, amerada hess,
And anadarko.
License approval for the region' s exclusive economic zone (eez) is a
Multilateral deal securing blocks jointly involving exxon mobil, erhc,
And chevron texaco.
Erhc has jumped from a. 25 cent stock earlier in the year to a. 50 cent
Stock that is headed for over $2 or a possible buyout from one of their
Jdz multinational players.
Erhc has been at the negotiating tables with the super - major oil
Companies. It is impossible to measure the power that is carried where a
Stock at this price level is a vital part of a key union of oil giants!
The top - level executives of the jdz oil majors have been finalizing the
Percentage awards with erhc for official announcement of the
Landmark - licensing round in the first 2 weeks of june.
The us government is pushing for increasing development of the area to
Minimize middle east dependence. The eyes of the world are watching with
Record prices at the pump and oil busting through $40 per barrel.
The oil companies will always make their $billions - investors can cash
In by accumulating a substantial position just before earth - shattering
News is released that will send shock waves through erhc.
Investor financial times report (iftr) is an independent newsletter with
The goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational
And profitable investment decisions. This publication does not provide
An analysis of the company' s financial position and is not an offer to
Buy or sell securities. Investing in securities is speculative and
Carries risk. It is recommended that any investment should be made after
Consulting with your investment advisor and after reviewing the
Financial statements of the company. Iftr presents information in this
Online report believed to be reliable, but its accuracy cannot be
Assured. Past performance does not insure similar future results. Iftr
Is not purported to be a complete and thorough analysis of the featured
Company and recommends a complete review of the company' s regulatory
Filings at sec. Gov. Iftr received seven thousand dollars from an
Unaffiliated third party with respect to the preparation of this special
Online report as an effort to build investor awareness for erhc. The
Information herein contains future - looking statements and information
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934, including statements
Regarding expected continual growth of the featured company.
Future - looking statements are based on expectations, estimates, and
Projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of
Risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ
Materially from those presently anticipated.
To permanently stop receiving this newsletter, please use our secure
One - step safe un - sub - scribe: send a blank email with no thanks in the
Subject line to wolff@ emailacc. Com
Electronic dissemination provided by: e - broadcast group 6 eftute ave.
Kingston 10 jamaica wi
58784 b 4022 ee 2350759 al 2073256 aebdb 301 c
