Subject: nathaniel energy (otcbb: necx) strap your portfolio to a rocket?
The growth stock report: nathaniel energy (alternative energy company)
The next gangbuster growth stock?
Nathaniel energy (0 tcbb: necx)
Revenues ql 2004: $3, 346, 792 vs. Ql 2003: $104, 915
(source: 10 q 5/14/04)
Nathaniel energy has a 51% ownership interest in a helium and gas processing
Facility in keyes, oklahoma. This facility produces 2, 000, 000 mcf (thousand
Cubic feet) of natural gas annually, 5, 500 mcf of natural gas daily and
3, 600 gallons of natural gas liquids daily. A more detailed ownership
Description of our keyes operation is contained under the heading corporate
History below. Nathaniel energy also acquired a 130 - mile pipeline that
Collects natural gas for the plant from over 50 gas wells. The acquisition
Included a take - and - pay contract with air products and chemicals, inc. For
The helium production and an operating agreement with colorado interstate
Gas company for the sale of processed natural gas. The natural gas liquids
Recovered by the plant are sold to various parties.
(source: 10 k 3/25/04)
Look how much money you would have made if you knew about these low priced
Stocks:
Otcbb: zapz: closed march 31 st at $. 60. Closed friday may 18 at $3. 92. Up
553%!!
Otcbb: arme: closed march 31 st at $. 26. Closed may 4 th at $1. 50. Up 476%!!
Otcbb: snvbf: closed october 31, 2003 at $. 79. Closed may 25 th at $4. 47. Up
465%!!
* necx * * *
Recent headlines:
* nathaniel energy corp. Extends agreement with cimarron industrial park
Authority to develop 190 acre site for waste - to - energy plant.
* nathaniel energy announces financial results with 2004 first quarter
Revenue of $3. 3 million
About the company: turning carbon based materials into inexpensive
Electrical and thermal energy: here is the sizzle.......
Nathaniel energy provides industry with an alternative energy comparable to
That of fossil fuels. Its proprietary patented technology, the thermal
Combustor (tm), is a 2 - stage gasification system designed to combust waste,
Biomass, tires and any other solid, carbon - based materials into inexpensive
Electrical and thermal energy, while exceeding the most stringent epa and
European union regulations.
* necx * * *
Strongly consider the following points:
* many of these stocks are undiscovered and uncovered! When wall street gets
A whiff of them, look out!!
* * many of these undiscovered stocks are like coiled springs, wound tighter
Than a sling shot under the surface - and ready to explode! This company is
Uncovered by wall street!
* all it takes is an explosive news announcement, some savvy investors or a
Mutual fund to get wind of this company and necx could go ballistic!!
Dis - claim - er
Information within this email contains forward looking statements within
The meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
The securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve
Discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans,
Projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or performance
Are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking
Statements. Forward looking statements are based on expectations, estimates
And projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of
Risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
Materially from those presently anticipated. Forward looking statements in
This action may be identified through the use of words such as projects,
Foresee, expects, will, anticipates, estimates, believes,
Understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may,
Could, or might occur. As with many microcap stocks, today' s company has
Additional risk factors worth noting. The company has a going concern opinion
From its auditor, has relied on loans from officers and an affiliate
Shareholder to pay expenses, has a large accumulated deficit since its
Inception and is involved in litigation in the normal course of its
Business, none of which is anticipated to have a material adverse effect on
Its financial condition, operations or prospects. The company will need to
Obtain financing. There can be no assurance of that happening. On june 7,
2004, nathaniel energy corporation issued a press release that its helium
And gas processing facility in keyes, oklahoma experienced a fire, that
There were no injuries, and that repairs are underway. The growth stock
Report does not represent that the information contained in this message
States all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make
The statements therein not misleading. All information provided within this
Email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be understood as
Information provided and not investment advice. The growth stock report
Advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered
Professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks
Featured within this email. None of the material within this report shall be
Construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation. Many of these
Companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by
Investing in this stock. The publisher of the growth stock report is not a
Registered in - vest - ment advisor. Subscribers should not view information
Herein as legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any reference to past
Performance (s) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on
The favorable performance of these companies. You would need perfect timing
To acheive the results in the examples given. There can be no assurance of
That happening. Remember, as always, past performance is nev - er indicative of
Future results and a thorough due diligence effort should be completed prior
To investing. Past performance is nev - er indicative of future results. The
Growth stock report has no relationship with zapz, arme, or snvbf. (source
For price information: yahoo finance historical). In compliance with the
Securities act of 1933, sectionl 7 (b), the the growth stock report discloses
The receipt of four thousand dollars from a third party, not an officer,
Director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this
Report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such
Compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement. All factual
Information in this report was gathered from public sources, including but
Not limited to company websites, sec filings and company press releases. The
Growth stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make
No guaran - tee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the material within
This e - mail constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
