Subject: please read this
HI there
Hope you don' t mind me contacting you, but I thought you may be interested
In
This, as like me, you are obviously serious about making some money...
I have heard nothing but great things about this. So give it a shot.
£ 5... That' s all it takes...
I' ll keep it short and sweet.
To get started just right mouse click and copy this whole page and paste it
In an
E - mail to edit it.
Once I got started the money started rolling in!!! Just like the plan below
Said it would!
I am currently getting over £ 200 a day and just started
Weekago!!!!!
Believe it or not, this is my 2 nd time around. Simply follow the
Instructions below and in 2 to 3 weeks, you will have at least £ 20, 000 in
Your
Paypal account.
Most people respond to this program because of the low investment (£ 5) and
High profit potential. The return rate is currently 50% to 80%. There is no
Limit
To the income you can generate from this business (you can do it over and
Over). This program is the fastest, easiest program you will ever do.
The only down fall is when people try to put their address in the #1 place.
If
They do that they will only reach the people they initially send to, and
Only
Make a few pounds.
If you follow the instructions you will reach thousands of people! Honesty,
Faith and integrity make this system work.
Team work makes the dream work! Lets get started!
I think everyone has heard of" paypal" (if not you will). Paypal (owned by
Ebay) is the simplest method of making and receiving payments online. Anyone
With
An email address can join for free! If you' re not already a paypal user, the
First thing you need to do is go to paypal and sign up for free:
Use the link above to sign up for a free account, then send a £ 5. 00 donation
From
Your paypal account (you will earn back £ 5. 00 from paypal, for signing up
Anyway!) to only the first email address on the list along with a note
Saying:" please add me to your mailing list".
Now send an email to the 4 th person on the list saying" thanks i' ve joined".
Then, remove the first email address and place your address at the bottom.
This
Should move the second place into the first place and the third place into
Second and fourth into the third.
Don' t try to place yourself in the first place.
It will only reach the people you send it to, and then your name will be
Removed from the lst place by that person and this will not make the system
Work.
If you do this the way it was designed it will reach thousands by the time
Your name gets to the top. Remember to only send a £ 5. 00 donation to the
First
E - mail address, and send" thanks i' ve joined" to the fourth person. This
Lets the
4 th person keep track of their progress.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
1. Siberiantigergrowl@ hotmail. Com
2. Jemimajones _ 7@ hotmail. Com
3.@ hotmail. Com
4. Nic@ madstock. Freeserve. Co. Uk
Now that you have made your donation to the first person and sent the fourth
Person a note, place your email address in the fourth place (make sure its
The
Same email address you used for your paypal account) this is the way you
Will
Receive payment.
Ok, the only thing left to do is email out at least 20 copies or more (!) of
This
Letter in a week or so. When your name reaches the top of the list it will
Be
Your turn to collect your money from 2, 000 to 3, 000 people just like
Yourself
Who are willing to spend £ 5. 00 and half an hour of there time to receive
£ 20, 000
In cash! Keep in mind... The most you' ve spent is £ 5.
Testimonials: d. Rayner london: I only have one thing to say to
You.... Oh my god! I sent out 40 copies like the instructions said and left on
Holiday. When I got back my account had over £ 12, 000 in it already! I' m
Still
Floating on air (especially with my new car I bought!)!
Thanks!
This programe works, it really does.
So good luck to the rest of you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!