Subject: urgent reply
Overseas stake lottery
International spain.
Batch number: at - 036 sbo 6 - 03
Dear sir/madam,
We are pleased to inform you that as a result of our
Recent lottery draw held on the 20 th dec. 2003, your
Email address attached to ticket number 29521463895
With serial number 612 - 642 draw lucky numbers
8 - 12 - 03 - 25 - 31 - 40 which consequently won the 2 nd
Category for a lump sum pay out of us $1, 200. 000. 00
(one million two hunndred thousand united states
Dollar).
Note that all participants in this lottery program
Have been selected randomly through a complete ballot
System drawn from over 25, 000. Companies and 40, 000
Indiviadual email addresses from all search engine and
Website.
This programmed take place every year and is
Promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like
The sultan of brunei, king fad of saudI arabia,
Bill gates of microsoft inc. And other corporate organizations.
This is to encourage the use of the internet worldwide.
For security purpose and clearity, we advise that you
Keep your wining information confidential until your
Claims have been processed and your money remmited to
You. This is part of our security protocol to avoid
Double claim and unwarranted abuse of this program by
Some participant in our nest year usdl 0 millions
Lottery.
You are requested to contact our clearance
Officer below to assist you with your winnings and
Subsequent payments. All winning must be claimed not
Later than one month after the date of this notice.
Please note, in order to avoid unnecessary delays and
Complications, remember to quote your referance number
And batch numbers in all correspondence. Furthermore,
Should there be any change of address do inform our
Agent as soon as possible. Congratulations once more
And thank you for being part of our program.
Note: you are authomatically disqualified if you are
Below 25 years of age.
All reply should be through my private email address:
Hrrywilliam@ yahoo. Com only for security reasons.
Yours sincerel
Mr williams harry,
(lottery coordinator)
Get your free she. Com e - mail address at http:// www. She. Com
