Subject: re: fbw, attention smallcap stox players.
Kathrine hayden,
Homeland defense report
Identifying defense and security stocks ready to explode
Look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks.
Mrkl. 45 to 1. 32 in 2 days, up 193%
Ugho. 54 to 3. 53 in 2 days, up 553%
Grab this hot defense stock and cash in on a big stock dividend.
Homeland security technology, inc. Otc - hstj
Immediate buy - huge news plus a 30% stock dividend
Current price. 013
Target price for sept. 30. 085
First it was gold, then oil, now homeland security is the explosive
Sector turning savvy stock players into millionaires. Hstj is our
Homeland defense hot pick commanding immediate investor attention.
Hstj is an extremely undervalued player in the hottest market sector
While simultaneously declaring a stock dividend of 30%. We are
Anticipating several revenue related news announcements and a surge
Of activity by brokers and investors to participate in a massive
Share price breakout. Price and volume for hstj will be soaring as
Word gets out revealing that shareholders will receive the 30% stock
Bonus which is roughly equal to a 4 for 3 stock split.
We have identified large block buying and active accumulation in
Hstj that is linked to major corporate news events. Hstj supplies
Military combat gear for the us armed forces and was formed for this
Purpose by highly decorated military leaders. Not surprisingly, hstj
Has experienced a strong increase in monthly orders. Keep watch for
An expanded product line as hinted by the company in recent press in
Conjunction with additional orders.
Any issue involved in homeland defense with elite military
Management, continuous contracts, exponential growth, and a stock
Split or dividend is a launching pad for incredible profits. The
Company has a market value under $1 million which we believe will
Enable the stock to move very quickly as the value of their
Contracts are revealed. We expect the 30% stock dividend to create
An added frenzy by investors loading up before hstj goes through the
Roof.
Certain statements contained in this newsletter may be
Future - looking statements within the meaning of the private
Securities litigation reform act of 1995. These statements may be
Identified by such terms as expect, believe, may, will, and
Intend or similar terms. We are not a register ed invest ment
Expert or a broker dealer. This is not an offer to buy or sell
Securities. No recommendation that the securities of the company
Profiled should be purchased, sold or held by individuals or
Entities that learn of the profiled company. This is an independent
Electronic publication that was paid ten thousand dollars by a third
Party for the preparation of this company information. Be advised
That investments in small - cap companies are considered to be
High - risk and use of the information provided is for reading
Purposes only. If anyone decides to act as an investor they are
Advised not to invest without the proper advisement from a
Registered financial broker. If any party decides to participate as
An investor then it will be that investor' s sole risk. Be advised
That the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the
Loss of some or all of the investment. The publisher of this
Newsletter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the completeness of
The company profile. Investors should not rely solely on the
Information presented. Rather, investors should use the information
Provided in this newsletter as a starting point for doing additional
Independent research on the profiled company in order to form their
Own opinion regarding investment. Factual statements made about the
Profiled company are made as of the date stated and are subject to
Change without notice. Investing in micro - cap securities is highly
Speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk. It is
Possible that an investor' s entire investment may be lost or
Impaired due to the speculative nature of the company profiled. All
Information provided about the profiled company has been obtained
From publicly available sources which may include the company' s web
Site, public filings, company press releases and informational web
Sites provided by the actual exchanges where small - cap stocks are
Traded.
Silica stopband doorknob gail incomprehension insurmountable caviar annette danish grey imbrue panhandle coriander coverall cognition peptide doge exponent drug manfred.