Subject: impact equity report
Mineral exploration stockp
Delta mining and exploration corp. Otc: dmxpp
Controls 6 properties totaling 7, 554 acres (approximately 11 sq.
Miles) in montana. Another 10, 000 acres of prospective diamond and
Gold properties are controlled in bolivia, south america. (source:
Company website) currently trading at. 012 p
Possibilty of an absolutely huge week as massive pr campaign has
Started and is expected to last all week. Pp
Imagine how well your portfolio would have done the last month or so
If you had the scoop on the following stock: p
(otcbb: mbah): this stock closed at. 01 on september lst. This
Little giant closed at. 06 on october 8 th, up 500% in about 5
Weeks. Do you think ibm is going to move like that anytime soon? P
As many of you may agree, some, not all, of these stocks move in
Price because they are promoted, making a very large number of
Investors aware of the stock. The awareness is underway on dmxp! Pp
Let' s look at the company, delta mining and exploration corp.
Otc: dmxpp
About the company: p
Delta mining and exploration corp. Otc: dmxp is a mineral exploration
Company that controls 6 properties totaling 7, 554 acres
(approximately 11 sq. Miles) in montana. The properties are all
Located over what management considers to be some of the most
Prospective diamond exploration terrain in the united states.
Another 10, 000 acres of prospective diamond and gold properties are
Controlled in bolivia, south america. Initial work has revealed
That the bolivian properties display similar potential to those
Found in north america. P
The management team is led by chief executive officer, dr. Barry
Rayment, who is experienced enough to take this junior exploration
Company to the next level. Dr. Rayment brings 32 years of
Experience in the field of geology, along with running some of the
Most successful mining companies in the industry. Dr. Rayment was
The president of bema gold corp., (amex: bgo), a company with a
Market cap of close to a billion dollars. He was also affiliated
With glamis gold, gold fields mining and amselco exploration (bp
Minerals), among others. His vast experience in the mining sector
Along with his extensive knowledge of public companies will be an
Extraordinary asset to delta and its shareholders as the company
Moves forward. P
Among the support team is stephen kay, a geologist with more than 30
Years experience in exploration throughout europe, south africa,
South america and the united states. While with gold fields mining
Corp., stephen kay was instrumental in the discovery and subsequent
Drilling of the 3 million ounce mesquite gold deposit in california. P
Delta has experienced significant technical success since its
Start - up in 1997. For example, delta has discovered the first
In - situ microdiamond ever found in montana on its homestead
Kimberlite, southeast of lewistown. The company also controls part
Of the three buttes kimberlite where initial exploration has shown
The three buttes kimberlite to host typical diamond indicator
Minerals - a major step toward finding the presence of economic
Diamonds - including pyrope (garnet), chromite and clinoprroxene. P
An aggressive regional exploration program has the potential to
Discover additional kimberlite or lamproite pipes in this
Under - explored area to the south of known commercial diamond bearing
Kimberlites in saskatchewan and alberta, canada. P
In bolivia, delta controls approximately two - thirds of a highly
Prospective diamondiferous terrain referred to as the independencia
Group of concessions covering 7, 860 acres (12 sq miles). The other
One - third is presently being explored by de beers. In addition to
The independencia property delta controls more than 2, 000 acres
Comprising the highly attractive precambrian property that displays
All the diamond indicator minerals that would suggest further
Exploration is justified. P
Delta seeks to increase growth for its investors not only by testing
Its extensive portfolio of diamond exploration properties but also
By acquiring additional diamond properties. Delta will focus on
Identifying and developing strategic alliances with major mining
Companies as well as joint ventures to develop the properties and
Finance additional exploration. P
In addition to the highly prospective diamond properties delta
Controls, they also control a gold property with great potential.
The property is near la paz in bolivia, where initial analysis
Revealed high levels of gold per ton that would more than justify an
Extensive exploration program. Pp
(source: company website) p
Recent headlines: go online and read the full stories! P
Delta mining and exploration corp. Is invited to attend a
Conference with the bolivian chamber of commerce. P
Delta mining and exploration corp. Visits homestead property in
Preparation of work program. P
Delta mining and exploration corp. Discloses preliminary gold
Exploration findings in south america. P
Delta mining and exploration, corp. Looks to continue diamond
Exploration in south america. Pp
Will dmxp explode higher as more and more investors become aware of
The stock this weekend and next week? If you think so, you may not
Want to wait until it is too late. Remember, timing your trade is
Critical. Good luck and happy trading. Pp
Information within this publication contains future looking
Statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act
Of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any
Statements that express or involve discussions with respect to
Predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives,
Goals, assumptions or future events or performance are not
Statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements.
Future looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and
Projections at the time the statements are made that involve a
Number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results
Or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated.
Future looking statements in this action may be identified through
The use of words such as projects, foresee, expects, will,
Anticipates, estimates, believes, understands or that as with many
Microcap stocks, today' s company has additional risk factors that
Raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Delta
Mining and exploration is not a reporting company registered under
The securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information
Available about the company. It is not currently an operating
Company. Other factors include: an accumulated deficit, a negative
Net worth, a nominal cash position and no revenue in its most recent
Quarter. The company is going to need financing. If that financing
Does not occur, the company may not be able to continue as a going
Concern in which case you could lose your entire investment. The
Publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information
Contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit
A material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
Misleading. All information provided within this report pertaining to
Investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information
Provided and not investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter
Advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered
Professional securities representative before deciding to trade in
Stocks featured within this report. None of the material within this
Report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
Solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy.
You can lose all your money by investing in this stock. The
Publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert.
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax,
Accounting or investment advice. Any reference to past
Performances of companies are specially selected to be referenced
Based on the favorable performance of these companies. You would
Need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given.
There can be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as always,
Past performance is never indicative of future results and a
Thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a company' s
Filings when available, should be completed prior to investing. The
Publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with mbah. In
Compliance with the securities act of 1933, sectionl 7 b, the
Publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand
Dollars from a third party, not an officer, director or affiliate
Shareholder for the circulation of this report. Be aware of an
Inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due
To the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without
Bias. The party that paid us has a position in the stock they will
Sell at anytime without notice. This could have a negative impact on
The price of the stock. All factual information in this report was
Gathered from public sources, including but not limited to company
Websites and company press releases. The publisher of this
Newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no
Assurance as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the material
Within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
