Subject: re: nhc, smallcap stox can sizzle
Kerry barrera,
Hampden group (otc: hpng)
Current price: 0. 25
Where were you when the following stocks exploded:
Scos: exploded from. 39 on september 1 to 1. 41 close on october 14.
Sior: september lst close of. 24. Blew through the roof as it
Passed. 80 on friday.
Face it. Little stocks can mean big gains for you. This report is
Part of a large pr campaign on this stock.
About the company:
The primary objective of hpng is to participate in specialty finance
Within the public and private markets. Hampden has partnerships
With finance and in surance companies to provide collateral backed
High yield short - term financing.
Hampden is a unique finance company that uses new technologies to
Help track and protect loan portfolio assets. The use of
Sophisticated tracking technology significantly lowers the risk of
High yield lending and allows the company to benefit from unique
Situations and under serviced investments. In addition to physical
Asset backed lending, hampden grp. Will also actively participate
In structured financial contracts with small public companies
Through pipe (private investment public entity) transactions.
Hampden plans to service private and small publicly traded companies
That have a need for short - term working capital and cannot obtain
Traditional financing.
Hampden' s business plan provides collateralized financing to
Its customers with annualized rates of return greater than 25%. The
Company' s valuation, financial ratios, executive compensation, exit
Strategy, and other management decisions are driven directly from
The business plan. (source: news announcement 10/15/04)
Will hpng explode higher as more and more investors become aware of
The stock? If you think so, you may not want to wait until it is too
Late. Remember, timing your trade is critical. Good luck and happy
Trading.
Information within this publication contains future looking
Statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act
Of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any
Statements that express or involve discussions with respect to
Predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives,
Goals, assumptions or future events or performance are not
Statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements.
Future looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and
Projections at the time the statements are made that involve a
Number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results
Or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated.
Future looking statements in this action may be identified through
The use of words such as projects, foresee, expects, will,
Anticipates, estimates, believes, understands or that by statements
Indicating certain actions may, could, or might occur. As with many
Microcap stocks, today' s company has additional risk factors that
Raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Hampden group is not a reporting company registered under the
Securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information
Available about the company. Other factors include: an accumulated
Deficit, a nominal cash position and no revenue in its most recent
Quarter. The company is going to need financing. If that financing
Does not occur, the company may not be able to continue as a going
Concern in which case you could lose your entire investment. The
Publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information
Contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit
A material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
Misleading. All information provided within this email pertaining to
Investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information
Provided and not investment advice. The publisher of this
Newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
Registered professional securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this report. None of the material
Within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment
Advice or solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of
Bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by investing in this stock.
The publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment
Expert. Subscribers should not view information herein as legal,
Tax, accounting or investment advice. Any reference to past
Performance (s) of companies are specially selected to be referenced
Based on the favorable performance of these companies. You would
Need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given.
There can be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as always,
Past performance is not indicative of future results and a
Thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a company' s
Filings when available, should be completed prior to investing. The
Publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with scos or sior.
In compliance with the securities act of 1933, sectionl 7 (b), the
Publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of seven thousand
Dollars from a third party, not an officer, director or affiliate
Shareholder for the circulation of this report. Be aware of an
Inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due
To the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without
Bias. The party that paid us has a position in the stock they will
Sell at anytime without notice. This could have a negative impact on
The price of the stock. All factual information in this report was
Gathered from public sources, including but not limited to company
Websites and company press releases. The publisher of this
Newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no
Assurance as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the material
Within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
Hail gangway juggle dane apt edmund tobacco encephalitis codify moot coset committeeman capitulate bucket commissariat bakery directrix extralegal hieratic buckthorn referring amok compendia, lithic cameraman jingle slosh believe ingestion crosswort nightcap barricade confidant calve electoral respiration neil intimacy quit colloidal waylay attract winston bellamy.