Subject: are you a successful penny stock fan?, aha
Coleman terrell,
Techlite, inc (otcbb - thlt)
Shares outstanding: 10, 994, 910 (source: 10 q 8/19/04)
Current price:. 76
Acquisitions expected to add approximately 5 million in sales over the
Next 12 to 18 months. (source: news friday 11/5/04)
Thlt has been moving higher the last few weeks. Is this the beginning
Of a major move? Because what matters once you acquire a stock is that
It moves. And all that will matter is that the stock is on the move.
And that mo ney is constantly moving into the stock. In that environment,
Nothing makes more sense in the marketplace than following the
Material, measurable we alth that pulses through its very veins. Go check it
Out yourself. (remember, past performance is not indicative of future
Results).
A massive pr campaign is underway on this stock. Face it: there is
Nothing like the awesome, potential growth power of little known companies
That explode onto investors radar screens.
About techlite, inc.
Techlite, inc. Is a national energy service company in its twelfth year
In the energy services business. The company provides custom - designed,
Energy - efficient and environmental protection agency (epa) - compliant
Lighting upgrades and retrofits for commercial, education, health care,
Retail and government facilities. Techlite' s proprietary energy - audit
Software program facilitates upgrades in compliance with the eps' s green
Lights emission reduction program and the new federal energy law
Requiring elimination of inefficient lighting products. Industry sources
Estimate this market at approximately 3 billion existing light fixtures and
A potential 100 billion national lighting retrofit industry. The
Magazine electrical contractor has described this business as the" market of
The decade." (source: press release: 11/5/04)
Recent press releases: go read the stories on line.
* techlite awarded city lighting upgrade contract for city of tulsa -
Potential value of 1. 5 million.
* techlite to acquire assets of two texas energy - based businesses:
Keystone and omnI science.
* techlite completes lighting retrofit for tulsa technology
Center - improvements expected to sa ve 6, 000 per month in energy sa vings.
* techlite' s proprietary energy - audit software program takes a bite out
Of commercial lighting bills.
Certain statements in this news release may contain future looking
Information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933
And rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934, and are
Subject to the safe harbor created by those rules. All statements, other than
Statements of fact, included in this release, including, without
Limitation, statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the
Companies, are future looking statements that involve risks and
Uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be
Accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially
From those anticipated in such statements. As with many microcap stocks,
Todays company has additional risk factors worth noting. The company
Has a going concern opinion from its auditor, a large accumulated
Deficit, a large negative net worth, reliance on loans from officers to pay
Expenses, nominal revenue in its most recent quarter, officers have
Personally assured company debt, tax liens for unpaid federal and state taxes,
Is a defendant in two lawsuits, a nominal cash position and the need to
Raise capital. A failure to raise capital could cause the company to go
Out of business. These risks and others are more fully detailed in the
Companys sec filings. We strongly urge you to review them before you
Invest. The publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the
Information contained in this message states all material facts or does not
Omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
Misleading. Read the compay' s sec filings before you invest. All information
Provided within this publication pertaining to investing, stocks,
Securities must be understood as information provided and not investment
Advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises all readers to seek
Advice from a registered professional securities representative before
Deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication. None of the
Material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment
Advice or solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of
Bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by investing in this stock. The
Publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert.
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performances of companies are
Specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance
Of these companies. You would need perfect timing to acheive the
Results in the examples given. There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as always, past performance is not indicative of future
Results and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a companys
Filings, should be completed prior to investing. In compliance with the
Securities act of 1933, sectionl 7 b, the publisher of this newsletter
Discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party, not an
Officer, director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the
Circulation of this report. The party that paid us has a position in the
Stock they will sell at anytime without notice. Be aware of an inherent
Conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact
That this is a paid publication and is not without bias. All factual
Information in this report was gathered from public sources, including but
Not limited to company websites, sec filings and company press releases.
The publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be
Reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of
The material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of
These terms.
Apparel heavyweight lilian seduce hillel tyndall cysteine mullion atlantica quite carrot deja resuming rotogravure disdain jest ineducable javelin annale so invaluable colloquy buzzer attenuate attic coruscate disturb.