Subject: doing business with you
Mr. Samuel kunte
Beagon oil nigeria, ltd
45, iretee avenue, victoria island
Lagos, nigeria
Phone: + 234 - 803 - 380 - 1106
Dear friend,
It is with a heart full of hope that I write, soliciting for your
Strict confidence in this transaction. This is by virtue of its nature
As being confidential and top secret. I feel quite safe dealing with
You in this business proposition, having gone through your remarkable
Profile on the internet. Though, this medium (internet) has been greatly
Abused, I choose to reach you through it because it still remains the
Fastest, surest and most secured medium of communication. However,
This correspondence is official and private, and it should be treated
As such. I also guarantee you that this deal is hitch free from all what
You may think of.
I am an accountant with beagon nigeria, ltd. Foreign oil company based
In lagos, nigeria. Beagon was involved in prospecting, drilling and
Bunkering of oil at high sea (offshore), with expatriate consisting
Majority of the staff strength. Unfortunately, these expatriates got
Into an illegal sale of oil and the money from it transferred through a
Security company out of the country but with a security stamp on it.
The federal government of nigeria discovered the illegal deal, and
Revoked their license and the expatriates were repatriated. So, by
Virtue of my position as the accountant of the company, I have in my
Possession the documents containing information about the trunk box
Deposited with the security company. The content of this box is thirty
Two million united states dollars (us $32 m).
I have put in an application with the security company to transfer the
Box to their correspondence office abroad, which they have obliged.
And being that this deal was been carried out by foreign firm, I need a
Trustworthy foreigner like you that will assist me to a logical
Conclusion of this pending business which both of us will bound to
Benefit earnestly. All I need from you is to stand before the security
Company and sign as one of expatriates to enable you claim the money
And pay it into your bank account.
Please, note that this transaction is 100% risk - free, for every
Machineries has been put in place for successful conclusion. Note, i
Have with me all the necessary documents that will prove that the
Money is for you. I expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough to
Keep my own share, when the money hit your account.
We hereby agree to compensate your sincere and candid effort in this
Regard with 20% of the fund after the transfer and 5% (percent) will be
Set aside for any expenses both local and international transportation,
Telephone bills etc, while 75% will be for me and two of my colleagues.
This deal will be concluded within seven (7) working days as soon as
You indicate your readiness to assist in this beneficial transaction.
Therefore, I will want you to confirm your full contact information:
Your full name and address
Your private telephone and fax number
The first two (2) pages of your international passport or drivers
License via email attachement
I will be looking forward to doing business with you, and solicit your
Confidentiality in this transaction. Please acknowledge the receipt of
This proposal via e - mail to enable me know if you are interesting or
Not.
Yours, faithfully,
Mr. Samuel kunte
Tele: 234 - 803 - 380 - 1106
Prvt: (skunte 775@ yahoo. De)
