Subject: special invitation to attend - e - financial worldexpo, nov 18 & 19
Early christmas gift
Complimentary 3 - session conference pass (valued at $500) & 30% off day passes
100 toronto raptors tickets and rim blackberry will be given away on - site!
November 18 19, 2004
National trade centre at exhibition place, toronto, canada
Efworldexpo. Wowgao. Com
Dear george,
On behalf of the event chair, dr. Frank gao, keynote speakers and our sponsors: financial times, national post, sas america, mellon financial, and kofax, we are pleased to invite you to attend at this year' s e - financial worldexpo, on november 18 & 19, 2004.
To acknowledge and show appreciation for relationships and communications from past events and on behalf of the event sponsors, we offer you this exclusive invitation.
Registration
1. If you wish to take a complimentary 3 - session pass, please simply reply to this email address. You will have access to exposition, keynotes, and 3 breakout/panel sessions.
2. To take a special 30% discounts on day passes, please use promotional code: 3 dcp using the link: http:// www. Efworldexpo. Wowgao. Com/register/public _ register. Php
The seats are limited, please act quickly. Once seats are taken, this special offer becomes invalid.
We look forward to seeing you in toronto!
Sincerely,
2004 e - financial worldexpo team
About the event
Come to this exciting event and join over 2, 000 delegates, learn and network with over 60 exhibitors and sponsors, and more than 50 industry experts on the hottest topics in security, regulatory compliance, outsourcing, e - payment, enterprise risk management, e - commerce, service - oriented business, and many others.
Event keynotes:
Day 1 (nov 18) morning - offshore outsourcing
Amy harkins, senior vice president, mellon financial
Day 1 (nov 18) afternoon - web business intelligence and integration technologies
Moderator: michael corcoran, chief strategy officer, information builders
Panelists: julie gill, vice president, information services, ggof and john morgan, senior manager, information services, moneris solutions
Day 2 (nov 19) morning - business performance management
Mark moorman, vp of financial services, sas americas
Executive panel session (nov 18)
Crm and the challenges of its implementation
Justin lafayette, chairman and co - founder, dwl
Paul battista, vice president and financial services leader, capgemini
Jim goldfinger (moderator), director, crm solutions, sap america inc.
Partial list of more than 50 expert speakers
Adel melek, partner, security services, global financial services industry, deloitte
Vivek khindria, senior manager, information security practices, bank of montreal financial group
Geoff brown, technical director, ats core technologies, oracle
Matunda nyanchama, information security & risk management, ibm
Michael forster, ceo, commercequest
Reza rooholamini, director, enterprise solutions, dell
Toffer winslow, director, product management, rsa security
Contact us
For more information about the 2004 e - financial worldexpo conference agenda, speaker bios and abstracts, exhibitors, partners, and online registration, please visit www. Efworldexpo. Wowgao. Com.
For all inquiries, please contact 1 - 416 - 292 - 0038 ext. 821 or by email at worldexpos@ wowgao. Com
Note: you received this email because you are subscribed to the wowgao newsletter. To unsubscribe, please click here and enter your e - mail address in the specified field. If the link is not working, copy the following in your browser: http:// www. Wowgao. Com/newsletter/unsubscription. Php
To unsubscribe via postal mail, please contact us at: wowgao inc., 601 milner avenue, 3 rd floor, toronto, on, mlb lm 8, canada
