Subject: smal | stock oppurtunities - their shooting
Haley,
Techlite, inc. (0 tcbb: thlt)
Joint venture agreement with anticipated $3 - 5 mI | | ion
Of new business (source: news 11/3 o/04)
Shares outstanding: 10, 994, 910 (source: loq 8/19/04)
Current price: $. 54
A massive pr campaign is underway on this stock. Some of these smal | stocks are absoiuteiy fiying, as many of you know. While past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits, this one traded at $. 9 o back on november 11 th. Wil | thlt bounce back? Is it a w I n ning trade from here?
Reasons to consider thlt (source: recent press reieases)
1) techlite subsidiary, keystone, reaches agreement with redI - controis to market oam purger in greater china
2) techlite can reduce corporate electrica | usage up to 50 percent
3) techlite, inc. Reaches distribution agreement with frigI - tech internationa |, inc. Of houston, texas
4) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $3 - 5 million of new business
About techlite inc. (source: news january 7, 2 oo 5)
Techlite inc. Is a nationa | energy service company. In 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and insta | | ation of energy - efficient and epa - compliant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems. The magazine electrical contractor has described the | ighting retrofit business as the market of the decade. Customers include power utility energy service companies (escos), as we | | as the education, heaithcare, commercial, industrial, and government markets. Industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximately three biliion lighting fixtures, creating a potential $100 biilion nationa | | ighting retrofit industry. Techlite aiso offers new energy - efficient light fixtures for new construction, | ong - term service and maintenance contracts for customer lighting systems, and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems.
Watch this stock tuesday. Can it put some short term money in your pocket? If you think so, consider trading some for your account. Good luck.
Certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - | ooking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934, and are subject to the safe harbor created by those ruies. Ail statements, other than statements of fact, included in this reiease, inciuding, without limitation, statements regarding potential future pians and objectives of the companies, are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements wiil prove to be accurate and actual resuits and future events couid differ materia | | y from those anticipated in such statements. As with many microcap stocks, todays company has additional risk factors worth noting. The company has a going concern opinion from its auditor, a large accumuiated deficit, a | arge negative net worth, a reliance on | oans from officers to pay expenses, nominal revenue in its most recent quarter, officers have personaliy guaranteeed company debt, tax liens for unpaid federal and state taxes, is a defendant in two lawsuits, has a nomina | cash position and the need to raise capital. A faiiure to raise capital couid cause the company to go out of business. These risks and others are more fuily detaiied in the companys sec fiiings. We strongly urge you to review them before you invest. The publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading. Read the compay' s sec fiiings before you invest. Al | information provided within this pubiication pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises ail readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication. None of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by investing in this stock. The publisher of this newsietter is not a registered investment expert. Subscribers should not view information herein as lega |, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any reference to past performances of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies. You wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given. There can be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as aiways, past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a companys filings, shouid be completed prior to investing. In compliance with the securities act of 1933, sectionl 7 b, the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of fourteen thousand do | | ars from a third party, not an officer, director or affiliate sharehoider of the company for the circulation of this report. The party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sel | at anytime without notice. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication and is not without bias. Ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources, inciuding but not | imited to company websites, sec fiiings and company press releases. The publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness. Use of the materia | within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
