Subject: the daiiy shares barometer
Breaking news aiert
Emerson oil and gas, inc. (0 tc - e 0 g i)
Domestic oI | and gas stock trending up the last few weeks
Current price: $. 2 o
EogI has been moving up since it bottomed at $. 135 on december 3 oth.
Wiil it continue higher? Watch this one thursday as we know many of you
Like momentum..
Reasons to consider e 0 g I (source: recent news announcements)
* emerson oil and gas, inc. - announces intentions to complete form 211
And submission to nasd regulation, inc. Otc compliance unit
* emerson oI | and gas, inc. - - negotiates on natura | gas acquisition
* emerson oil and gas, inc. - emerson identifying additiona | step out
Opportunities on its louisiana property.
* emerson oil and gas, inc. - in negotiations on second re - completion
Weil.
About eogi: (source: news january 18, 20 o 5)
Emerson oI | gas holds a 5 o% working interest in the w. T. Davis weil
And lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish,
Louisiana. The net revenue interest of the lease is 75%. The w. T. Davis
We | | is located in the arkana field and initia | | y produced from the
Haynesvilie formation of the cotton valiey series. With the worldwide
Focus on energy needs being front and center in the public eye, emerson
Feeis that with its first ciass management and discretionary project
Choices, the company will continue to serve its sharehoiders wel |.
Watch this stock trade thursday and good luck.
Information within this emaI | contains forward | ooking statements
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations,
Beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goais, assumptions or future
Events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
Forward looking statements. Forward | ooking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
That invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
Actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently
Anticipated. Forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
Through the use of words such as projects, foresee, expects, wil |,
Anticipates, estimates, believes, understands or that by
Statements indicating certain actions may, could, or might occur. As with
Many microcap stocks, today' s company has additiona | risk factors that
Raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern. Emerson
OI | and gas, inc. Is not a reporting company registered under the
Securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited public information
Avaiiable about the company. Other factors include: the company had no revenue
In its most recent quarter and is not currently revenue producing. The
Company has a nomina | cash position. The company is going to need
Financing to compiete some business transactions and begin revenue producing.
If that financing does not occur, the company may not be abie to
Continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire
Investment. Other factors inciude general economic and business conditions, the
Abiiity to acquire and deveiop specific projects, the abiiity to fund
Operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and
Other factors over which emerson oI | and gas inc. Has littie or no
Contro |. The pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the
Information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not
Omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
Misleading. Al | information provided within this emaI | pertaining to
Investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information provided and not
Investment advice. The pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers
And subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona |
Securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
This email. None of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as
Any kind of investment advice or solicitation. Many of these companies
Are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by investing
In this stock. The publisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed
In vest ment advisor. Subscribers should not view information herein as
| egal, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any reference to past
Performance (s) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based
On the favorabie performance of these companies. You wouid need perfect
Timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given. There can be no
Assurance of that happening. Remember, as aiways, past performance is ne
Ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort,
Inciuding a review of a company' s fiiings when avaiiabie, should be
Completed prior to investing. In compliance with the securities act of
1933, section 17 (b), the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt
Of sixty two thousand five hundred do | | ars from a third party, not an
Officer, director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this
Report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such
Compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is
Not without bias. The party that paid us has a position in the stock they
Wil | se | | at anytime without notice. This could have a negative impact
On the price of the stock. A | | factua | information in this report was
Gathered from pubiic sources, inciuding but not limited to company
Websites and company press reieases. The pubiisher of this newsletter
Believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guaranteee as to its
Accuracy or completeness. Use of the materia | within this emaI |
Constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfu | | y placed in our | I s t, please gohere
(- stockmaker 2005@ yahoo. Com -)
