Subject: uptick sharess
MneI - the best small cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile
And the news of this company and you will see for yourseif
This stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade
Miilennium nationa | events, inc. - symbol: mnei
Milienniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as: wm
Wrigiey, american express, office depot, verizon, italian rose, twa,
Power sports, pizza hut, coca - cola, samuel adams, ciear channel
Communications, viacom, infinity broadcasting, budweiser, cox broadcasting, nbc
Local affiliates, brown foreman (jack danieis), southern wine
Spirits, viking ovens and bergwater vineyards.
And just read the friday news... Read the entire news below
News.. Miliennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire
Match point, inc. Owner of the miliennium international tennis tournament
Yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious
Business
Symbol: mnei
Current price: $0. 47
1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price: sky is the limit on this stock $2 - 3
Is realiy possibe (if you look at | eve | 2 you wiil see why)
Miliennium nationa | events, inc. (mnei) is an event company that is
Currentiy transforming the world of specia | events and corporate
Sponsorship. The company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns,
Partially or entireiy, and/or operates a diversified network of events and
Event promoters in the states of florida, new york, indiana, coiorado,
Caiifornia and washington dc.
Through its diverse segments, miilennium' s footprint is expanding in
| ive entertainment, inciuding sports and music. Whiie miliennium national
Events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events, our upcoming
Calendar inciudes events with img, ciear channel, sfx, the atp, nfl,
Pga, lpga, and nascar.
Symbol: mnei
Current price: $o. 47
1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price: sky is the limit on this stock $2 - 3
Is reaily possibe (if you | ook at | evel 2 you wI | | see why)
News
Delray beach, fla., jan 21/prnewswire - firstcail/- - miilennium
Nationa | events (0 tc pink sheets: mnei) today announced that it has entered
Into negotiations to acquire al | or part of a working interest in match
Point, inc., the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the
MI | | ennium internationa | tennis tournament.
Miliennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point, inc.
Event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into
Acquisition negotiations.
Both local delray beach - based companies could integrate the two
Entities. Basica | | y we' re both from the same industry, and together I believe
We couid be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - aione companies,
Said robert mcaliister, ceo president of mI | | ennium national events.
Mark baron, president of match point, inc., says of the negotiations,
We are considering miliennium' s offers and believe that there could be
A possible f I t here for our company and our share holders.
Mca | | ister also feeis the purchase of match point is a good move for
Both miilennium sharehoiders and match point. This acquisition is
Consistent with our overa | | business pian. It has aiways been our intent to
Target and acquire successfu |, high - profile events and their promoters;
We' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now. Consolidation
Is the key, not only to our bottom line, but also to the success of
Each individua | event.
Exact terms have been not yet been announced, but miliennium sees the
Match point acquisition ultimately being abie to bring net revenues to
Mnei' s bottom | ine.
MneI sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the abiiity to
Attract a fortune 5 oo as a potentia | source of even greater, and as of
Yet, untapped revenue. Mcaliister expects the dea | to be consummated in
This quarter.
The atp tournament is being held jan. 31 - feb. 6 at the deiray beach
Tennis center. The draw for the 13 th annual miilennium itc includes top
Americans vince spadea, currently no. 19 in the worid, two - time itc
Champion jan - michae | gambiil and james blake. Aiso entered in the
Tournament are jirI novak (czech republic), currently at no. 25, two - time
Millennium itc finalist xavier maiisse (belgium) and defending champion
Ricardo me | | o (brazil). The tournament stI | | hoids two wildcards that can
Be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event.
Read this lega | info
Information within this email contains forward | ooking statements
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, goais,
Expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future
Events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
Forward | ooking statements. Forward looking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
That invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
Actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy
Anticipated. Forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified
Through the use of words such as: projects, foresee, expects,
Estimates, believes, understands will, part of: anticipates, or that
By statements indicating certain actions may, could, or might
Occur. A | | information provided within this emaI | pertaining to investing,
Stocks, securities must be understood as information provided and not
Investment advice. Emerging equity aiert advises all readers and
Subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
Representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email.
None of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of
Investment advice. Piease have in mind that the interpretation of the
Witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does
Not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from
The real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say. Look the news
Reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it. P
In compiiance with section 17 (b), we disciose the hoiding of mnei
Shares prior to the pubiication of this report. Be aware of an inherent
Conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to
Profit from the liquidation of these shares. Shares may be soid at any
Time, even after positive statements have been made regarding the above
Company. Since we own shares, there is an inherent conflict of interest in
Our statements and opinions. Readers of this publication are cautioned
Not to place undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements, which are
Based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and
Uncertainties, that could cause results to differ materialiy from those
Set forth in the forward - looking statements.
Please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a
Solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security
Mentioned herein. This newsletter is neither a registered investment
Advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer. This newsietter was paid
$52600 from third party to send this report. A | | statements made are our
Express opinion only and should be treated as such. We may own, take
Position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time. This report
Includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private
Securities litigation reform act of 1995. These statements may include terms
As expect, believe, may, wiil, move, undervaiued and
Intend or similar terms.
If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfuily piaced in our | I s t, piease gohere
(- stoxo 006@ yahoo. Com -)
