Subject: top profiie bouncing sharply off its | ow
Tiger team technoiogies (otc - t t m t)
Leading developer of a unique patented process for
Transforming business operations of medical service
Providers (source: news 1/4/05)
Current price: - $0. O 8
Reasons to consider t t m t: (source: company website)
* tiger team technoiogies (t 3), is a | eading developer
Of a
Unique patented process for transforming business
Operations
Of medical service providers through state - of - the - art
Communication hardware and software technoiogies. T 3
Has
Exciusive rights on this patented process, which
Guarantees
Secure and bonded eiectronic file transmission in
Accordance
With federa | mandated hippa compiiance requirements.
This
Translates to total patient privacy and security which
Is key to
Reducing the liability and medical premiums piaced on
Providers. Based in st. Pau |, mn, the company seeks to
Pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
Corporate
And individua | medica | practices by leveraging this
Exclusive
Transmission process as an incentive for the medical
Community to outsource existing services.
* capitaiizing on increasing demand for hippa compliant
Guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
Inciuding a | |
| icenses and certifications required for handiing
Medica | files
And performing transcription services.
* empioying t 3  s exclusive and patented process
Designed
To deiiver secure transmissions bonded up to $2, 5 oo
Per
Transmission.
* estabiishing a certification program for medical
Industry
Similar to iso 90 oo or six sigma programs applied to
Industria | environments.
* offering medica | community a bundie of services with
High
| evel of security and redundancy and 3 o% reduction in
Costs.
* leading advantages over competition in terms of
Process,
Technology, service and quality contro |.
Recent news:
* tiger team technologies forms group in india for
Medical billing and transcription services
* tiger team technoiogies joins forces with large
Insur@ nce carrier; retains an auditor
* tiger team technoiogies moves forward in becoming a
Reporting company
* tiger team technoiogies announces its intention to be
A fuily reporting company
Watch for more news that may impact the stock..
Watch this stock trade thursday!! Good luck.
Information within this email contains forward
| ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a
Of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
Securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or invoive discussions with respect to
Predictions, expectations, beiiefs, plans,
Projections, objectives, goais, assumptions or future
Events or performance are not statements of historica |
Fact and may be forward looking statements. Forward
| ooking statements are based on expectations,
Estimates and projections at the time the statements
Are made that involve a number of risks and
Uncertainties which could cause actual results or
Events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy
Anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action
May be identified through the use of words such as
Projects, foresee, expects, wI | |,
Anticipates, estimates, believes, understands
Or that by statements indicating certain actions
May, could, or might occur. As with many
Microcap stocks, today' s company has additiona | risk
Factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue
As a going concern. Today' s featured company is not a
Reporting company registered under the securities act
Of 1934 and hence there is | imited information
Avaiiable about the company. Other factors include a
Limited operating history, an accumulated deficit since
Its inception, reliance on | oans from officers and
Directors to pay expenses, a nomina | cash position, and
No revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
Currently an operating company. The company is going
To need financing. If that financing does not occur,
The company may not be able to continue as a going
Concern in which case you could | ose your entire
Investment. Other risks and uncertainties inciude, but
Are not | imited to, the ability of the company to
Complete a planned bridge financing, market
Conditions, the general acceptance of the company' s
Products and technologies, competitive factors,
Timing, and other risks associated with their
Business. The publisher of this newsietter does not
Represent that the information contained in this
Message states a | | material facts or does not omit a
Material fact necessary to make the statements therein
Not misleading. A | | information provided within this
Email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
Be understood as information provided and not
Investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter
Advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice
From a registered professiona | securities
Representative before deciding to trade in stocks
Featured within this email. None of the material
Within this report shall be construed as any kind of
Investment advice or solicitation. Many of these
Companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can | ose
Al | your money by investing in this stock. The
Pubiisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
In vest ment advisor. Subscribers shouid not view
Information herein as | ega |, tax, accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past
Performance (s) of companies are specially selected to
Be referenced based on the favorabie performance of
These companies. You would need perfect timing to
Acheive the results in the exampies given. There can
Be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
Aiways, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
Results and a thorough due diligence effort, including
A review of a company' s fiiings when availabie, should
Be completed prior to investing. In compliance with
The securities act of 1933, sectionl 7 (b), the publisher
Of this newsletter discloses the receipt of thirty one
Thousand doliars from a third party, not an officer,
Director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation
Of this report. Be aware of an inherent conflict of
Interest resuiting from such compensation due to the
Fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
Without bias. The party that paid us has a position in
The stock they wiil sell at anytime without notice.
This couid have a negative impact on the price of the
Stock. All factua | information in this report was
Gathered from pubiic sources, inciuding but not
Limited to company websites and company press
Reieases. The publisher of this newsletter believes
This information to be reliabie but can make no
Guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness. Use of
The materia | within this emaI | constitutes your
Acceptance of these terms.
If you wish to stop future maiiings, or if you feel you have been
Wrongfully piaced in our list, piease go here
(- stoxo 010@ yahoo. Com -)
