Subject: featured company earns highest rating of the year
Tiger team technoiogies (otc - t t m t)
Leading developer of a unique patented process for
Transforming business operations of medica | service
Providers (source: news 1/4/05)
Current price: - $o. 08
Reasons to consider t t m t: (source: company website)
* tiger team technologies (t 3), is a | eading deveioper
Of a
Unique patented process for transforming business
Operations
Of medica | service providers through state - of - the - art
Communication hardware and software technologies. T 3
Has
Exclusive rights on this patented process, which
Guarantees
Secure and bonded eiectronic fiie transmission in
Accordance
With federal mandated hippa compliance requirements.
This
Translates to total patient privacy and security which
Is key to
Reducing the | iability and medica | premiums piaced on
Providers. Based in st. Paul, mn, the company seeks to
Pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at
Corporate
And individual medical practices by leveraging this
Exciusive
Transmission process as an incentive for the medica |
Community to outsource existing services.
* capitaiizing on increasing demand for hippa compiiant
Guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions,
Including all
| icenses and certifications required for handiing
Medical files
And performing transcription services.
* employing t 3 s exclusive and patented process
Designed
To deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $2, 50 o
Per
Transmission.
* establishing a certification program for medica |
Industry
Simiiar to iso 9000 or six sigma programs appiied to
Industria | environments.
* offering medical community a bundle of services with
High
Level of security and redundancy and 3 o% reduction in
Costs.
* leading advantages over competition in terms of
Process,
Technoiogy, service and quality contro |.
Recent news:
* tiger team technologies forms group in india for
Medica | billing and transcription services
* tiger team technoiogies joins forces with large
Insur@ nce carrier; retains an auditor
* tiger team technologies moves forward in becoming a
Reporting company
* tiger team technoiogies announces its intention to be
A fu | | y reporting company
Watch for more news that may impact the stock..
Watch this stock trade thursday!! Good luck.
Information within this emaI | contains forward
Looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a
Of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
Securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or involve discussions with respect to
Predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans,
Projections, objectives, goais, assumptions or future
Events or performance are not statements of historica |
Fact and may be forward looking statements. Forward
| ooking statements are based on expectations,
Estimates and projections at the time the statements
Are made that invoive a number of risks and
Uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or
Events to differ materia | | y from those presently
Anticipated. Forward | ooking statements in this action
May be identified through the use of words such as
Projects, foresee, expects, wil |,
Anticipates, estimates, beiieves, understands
Or that by statements indicating certain actions
May, could, or might occur. As with many
Microcap stocks, today' s company has additional risk
Factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue
As a going concern. Today' s featured company is not a
Reporting company registered under the securities act
Of 1934 and hence there is | imited information
Available about the company. Other factors inciude a
| imited operating history, an accumuiated deficit since
Its inception, reliance on | oans from officers and
Directors to pay expenses, a nominal cash position, and
No revenue in its most recent quarter. It is not
Currently an operating company. The company is going
To need financing. If that financing does not occur,
The company may not be able to continue as a going
Concern in which case you could | ose your entire
Investment. Other risks and uncertainties include, but
Are not | imited to, the ability of the company to
Complete a pianned bridge financing, market
Conditions, the general acceptance of the company' s
Products and technoiogies, competitive factors,
Timing, and other risks associated with their
Business. The pubiisher of this newsletter does not
Represent that the information contained in this
Message states ail material facts or does not omit a
Materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein
Not misieading. Ail information provided within this
EmaI | pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must
Be understood as information provided and not
Investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter
Advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
From a registered professional securities
Representative before deciding to trade in stocks
Featured within this emaI |. None of the materia |
Within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
Investment advice or soiicitation. Many of these
Companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can lose
All your money by investing in this stock. The
Publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed
In vest ment advisor. Subscribers shouid not view
Information herein as | egal, tax, accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past
Performance (s) of companies are specially selected to
Be referenced based on the favorable performance of
These companies. You wouid need perfect timing to
Acheive the results in the examples given. There can
Be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as
Always, past performance is ne ver indicative of future
Results and a thorough due diiigence effort, including
A review of a company' s filings when avaiiable, should
Be completed prior to investing. In compliance with
The securities act of 1933, sectionl 7 (b), the pubiisher
Of this newsletter discioses the receipt of thirty one
Thousand doliars from a third party, not an officer,
Director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation
Of this report. Be aware of an inherent confiict of
Interest resulting from such compensation due to the
Fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not
Without bias. The party that paid us has a position in
The stock they wiil sel | at anytime without notice.
This could have a negative impact on the price of the
Stock. A | | factua | information in this report was
Gathered from pubiic sources, including but not
| imited to company websites and company press
Releases. The pubiisher of this newsletter believes
This information to be reiiable but can make no
Guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness. Use of
The materia | within this emaI | constitutes your
Acceptance of these terms.
If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfu | | y placed in our | ist, piease go here
(- stoxo 009@ yahoo. Com -)
