Subject: subscribers receive first notice on run - away stocks
Traders' monthly alert
January pick (bmxg) exploded from. 20 to 2. 07,
A gain of over 900% in 6 days (1/18 - 1/24)!
Our next pick is an incredible find that will
Outperform all others based on their solid
Numbers, huge sales backlog, $2 billion in
Financing, low outstanding shares, and a deal
With chinese government - run companies totaling
$10 billion!
Urgent buy at any price:
Global environmental energy corp.
Otcbb - geec
Current price - 1. 90
Running to - 6. 00
Geec is cbs marketwatch. Com' s #1 best performer in the dj
Diversified industrials index in the last 2 months. This
Is a dow jones industry index that also contains 3 m, ge,
And honeywell.
We are sending this urgent investor bulletin revealing the
Most undervalued pick on the otcbb to our millions of
Subscribers for substantial profits immediately!
Geec has experienced a recent spike in price and volume
Indicating heavy accumulation of shares. This is a sign of
Even bigger things to come for this emerging world leader
In the conversion of waste materials into electrical energy,
An industry with such high global demand that it is impossible
To assign a value to the size of the market.
Geec is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their
Biosphere process system for the disposal of a wide variety
Of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour, making a major
Impact on the global waste problem. This profitable and
Environmentally safe process converts into clean, green
Electricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste,
Agricultural wastes, forestry wastes, medical wastes,
Industrial wastes, sewage sludge, shale oil, sour natural
Gas, and the huge market of used tires.
Geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of electricity
From the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is
Then sold to replenish the local or national grid.
The biosphere process succeeds in filling an urgent worldwide
Need for cost - effective renewable energy sources and a
Corresponding universal need to solve critical problems in the
Disposal of waste. Geec has secured international acceptance
For a revolutionary product designed to significantly impact
The global waste problem while a major push for generating
Electricity from alternative sources continues to be the hot
Topic due to shortages and massive power failures.
Geec just announced a $10 billion, 5 - year joint venture with
Chinese government - operated companies, including yanzhou coal
Mining (nyse - yzc, $74). The deal is structured to have 1, 300
Geec biosphere systems deployed throughout china to fulfill
An urgent need for waste disposal and energy generation, two
Critical areas for a country with a population exceeding 1. 3
Billion people. As china' s rapid economic advance continues,
A shortfall of 500 million kilowatts exists annually, prompting
Periodic blackouts in all chinese provinces. Geec is in line
To profit substantially while providing relief from unmanageable
Municpal solid waste disposal and simultaneously helping china
Meet its energy needs.
The forecast for geec is crystal clear, and this is just the tip
Of the iceberg for this emerging worldwide leader where shares
Should be added immediately to every portfolio. We expect a
Continuous flow of huge news announcements while shares still
Represent an uncommon value for a company of this caliber. Look
For the continuation of strong positive developments that will
Ignite geec, which earns our highest rating for the most
Explosive gains on wall street.
Traders' monthly alert (tma) is not a registered investment
Advisor or broker dealer. Certain statements contained in this
Newsletter may be forward - looking statements within the meaning
Of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. Such
Terms as expect, believe, may, will, and intend or
Similar terms may identify these statements. Past performance
Is not an indicator of future results. This is not an offer to
Buy or sell securities. Tma is an independent publication that
Was paid nine thousand dollars by a third party for the
Continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information.
Investors are advised to seek proper guidance from a financial
Advisor or a registered financial broker. Investors should use
The information provided in this newsletter as a starting point
For gathering additional information on the profiled company to
Allow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment.
Investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and
Carries an extremely high degree of risk and may result in the
Loss of some or all of the investment.
