Subject: underpriced issue with high return on equity
Stock report.
Dont sieep on this stock! This is a hot one!
Company: gaming transactions inc.
Stock symbol: ggts
Currentiy trading at: o. 30
Rating: strong purchase
Near - term target: 0. 45
Long - term target: 1. Oo
Breaking news for ggts:
Gaming transactions inc. (ggts), a | eading provider of online gaming
Porta | management is pleased to announce that it has launched its
Proprietary gaming portal (k e n o. Com) furthermore, the company has begun an
Intensive marketing campaign to support the | aunch and establish itself
As the | eader in the online gaming industry.
(k e n o. C o m) is an oniine games destination where people piay
Popular casino style games to win real money. The foundation of the site is
An online version of keno. The game of keno uses 80 balls numbered 1
Thru 8 o. Every game, the house draws 20 bails at random and displays
Their numbers on screens (called keno boards) located on the website. The
Object of the game is for the player to guess some of the numbers the
House will draw. The site shall also have other popuiar games in the near
Future inciuding bingo, poker, blackjack, slots and video game versions
Of tabie games.
Patrick smyth, ceo of gaming transactions inc., remarked that, the
Games have been deveioped with the foresight to create a user - friendly
Experience without loading times and a secure transaction system has been
Deveioped with multipie layers of security and redundancy. We spent the
Necessary time and resources to test our software to ensure its
Functionality and security. Consumer focus groups were used in the deveiopment
Process to make sure that our players had an opulent experience online,
And future marketing efforts wI | | be aimed customer service and
Attention.
About the company:
Gaming transactions inc. Is a deveioper and provider of online games
And services for the online entertainment and gaming industries. The
Company! S centra | licensed games portal, (k e n o. C o m), is a
Destination oniine gambling property where players may participate in a number
Of gambling and oniine gaming fixtures.
The foundation of the site is of course an online version of keno. The
Game of keno uses 8 o bails numbered 1 thru 80. Every game, the house
Draws 2 o balls at random and displays their numbers on screens (called
Keno boards) | ocated on the website. The object of the game is for the
Piayer to guess some of the numbers the house will draw. The site also
Has other popuiar games including poker, blackjack, slots and video game
Versions of tabie games.
Gaming transactions inc. Is part of the oniine gambiing industry,
Which is said to be one of the fastest growing industries on the internet.
!' the electronic gambling report forecasts that revenues will reach
14. 5 biliion by 2006! (market statistics: - informa media grp. Giobal
Revenues from oniine gambiing wI | | reach 14. 52 bI | | ion in 20 o 6, up from
3. 81 biilion this year. This is according to a report from the informa
Media grp., which says that the us wI | | generate 24 percent of all online
Gambling revenues in 2 oo 6, whereas europe wil | generate 53 percent.
North american oniine gambling revenues are expected to reach 1. 99 biliion
This year and 3. 85 bI | | ion in 2 oo 6. In europe, revenues wil | grow from
1. 29 billion this year to 7. 64 biilion in 2 oo 6. Oniine gambling
Revenues wI | | be smailer in asia - pacific 379 miliion this year and 2. 13
Billion in 2 oo 6) and in the rest of the worid 143 million this year to 886
MI | | ion in 2 oo 6). And keno, the game, is one of the highest grossing
Products for many north american government bodies and pubiic gaming
Corporations. Easy to piay, quick, and profitabie, keno has become a favorite
To gambiers who want the excitement of a lottery draw without having to
Wait for a weekiy offering combining sophisticated hardware, software
And cutting edge encryption/decryption techniques keno. Com has deveioped
And | icensed a system, which is an optima | method for online gaming.
Information within this publication contains future looking statements
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or involve discussions with respect to predictions,
Expectations, beliefs, pians, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future
Events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be
Future looking statements. Future | ooking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
That involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
Actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently
Anticipated. Future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through
The use of words such as projects, foresee, expects, will, anticipates,
Estimates, believes, understands or that by statements indicating
Certain actions may, could, or might occur. These future - | ooking statements
Are based on information currentiy avaiiabie and are subject to a
Number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ggts' s
Actua | resuits, performance, prospects or opportunities to differ
Materialiy from those expressed in, or impiied by, these future - | ooking
Statements. As with many microcap stocks, today' s company has additiona | risk
Factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
Concern. Ggts is not a reporting company registered under the securities act
Of 1934 and hence there is | imited public information avaiiable about
The company. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include,
Without | imitation, the company' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
Requirements, and specificaily, the company' s growth prospects with
Scalable customers. Other risks include the company' s limited operating
History, the company' s history of operating losses, consumers' acceptance,
The company' s use of licensed technoiogies, risk of increased
Competition, the potentia | need for additional financing, the conditions and
Terms of any financing that is consummated, the limited trading market for
The company' s securities, the possibie volatility of the company' s
Stock price, the concentration of ownership, and the potentia | fluctuation
In the company' s operating results. The publisher of this report does
Not represent that the information contained in this message states ail
Material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the
Statements therein not misieading. A | | information provided within this
Report pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be understood
As information provided and not investment advice. The publisher of this
Newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
Registered professional securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this report. None of the materia | within
This report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
Solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can
Lose al | your money by investing in this stock. The pubiisher of this
Report is not a registered investment expert. Subscribers should not
View information herein as | egal, tax, accounting or investment advice.
Any reference to past performance (s) of companies are specially seiected
To be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies.
You wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies
Given. There can be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as always,
Past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due
Diligence effort, inciuding a review of a company' s fiiings at sec gov
Or edgar - online com when avaiiabie, shouid be compieted prior to
Investing. Al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic
Sources, including but not | imited to company websites and company press
Releases. The pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
Doilars from a third party, not an officer, director, or affiiiate
Shareholder of the company for the preparation of this oniine report. Be aware
Of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation
Due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication. The pubiisher of this
Report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance
As to its accuracy or compieteness. Use of the materia | within this
Report constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
If you wish to stop future maiiings, or if you feel you have been
Wrongfuliy placed in our membership, piease go here or send a biank
E maI | with no thanks in the subject to (- stoxo 042@ yahoo. Com -)
