Subject: winning with small - cap daily trading.
Small - cap homerun newsletter
High - priority status: immediate triple predicted
Cdyv profits soaring, company forecasts
They will be acquired in takeover
Exciting new issue - get in now
Unknown and undervalued publishing /
Advertising leader projecting' 05 -' 06
Sales of 30 million,. 42 eps
Cody ventures corp. Otc - cdyv
Price range:. 35 -. 45
10 - day target: 1. 20
Major breaking news: cdyv expands publication into the
Dallas/ft. Worth, texas metroplex area resulting in
Circulation of 3 million copies monthly. Revenues to
Exceed 30 mill annually with nearly
15 mill bottom - line profit.
Cdyv positioned as likely takeover candidate by the
Always acquisition - minded leaders of the publishing
Industry capturing sales of 20 billion.
Cdyv is the leading advertising, printing, and publishing
Company in texas specializing in the very high - profit
Sector of community - based weekly publications. As master
Publisher for the state of texas, cdyv reaches 22 million
People, 254 counties, and over 3, 100 towns and cities
With their tidbits publication featuring local
Advertising in dozens of areas including entertainment,
Real estate/housing, consumer goods and services, and
Major retailers like walgreens and dollar general.
Cdyv has been in business 4 years and has grown quickly,
Now it is time for them to explode in the public markets.
Cdyv is new to the stock market, having gone public in a
Very quiet manner. So you have a very brief period to
Get in at or near the bottom before share prices soar on
Increased investor awareness. There are very few companies
That have perfected this niche of advertising platform
With none being publicly offered starting out at less than
50 cents per share.
Monthly circulation has jumped from 500, 000 to 3 million
With the additional expansion into dallas/ft. Worth,
Translating into over 9 million readers monthly and
Achieving an additional 17 million in annual revenues
From the metroplex area alone. Cdyv will also provide the
Necessary printing services for 150 other national
Publishers in their respective states resulting in another
9. 5 million in yearly sales, with 50% to the bottom - line,
On top of their already explosive, record - shattering figures.
The publishing industry has always been an active leader in
Mergers, takeovers, and acquisitions. Dow jones (dj, 37. 00,
Pe 32), gannett (gci, 79. 00, pe 16), knight - ridder
(kri, 65. 00, pe 16), and tribune co. (trb, 40. 00, pe 24)
Are just a few examples of industry leaders that have spent
Billions over the last few years acquiring aggressive and
Profitable newspaper chains and publishing companies. Cdyv
Represents the epitome of an attractive buyout target as
Their pe is 1 based on 12 - 18 month sales and earnings
Figures. The industry average pe is 20, indicating that a
Share price of 5. 00 for cdyv would be a very conservative
Valuation.
It is only a matter of time before detailed information is
Released out into the investment community. By receiving
This email, you are among the first public investors to
Know about cdyv. Get in now before the crowds take it to
The moon.
Please read - the information and opinions in this featured
Profile are based on sources believed to be reliable but no
Representation is made to its accuracy or completeness. Past
Performance is not an indicator of future results. This
Report is a paid profile for information purposes only and
Should not be used as the basis for any investment decision.
This newsletter has been compensated ten thousand dollars
For the preparation of this profile and for continuing cover
Age of the featured company. Newsletter publishers are not
Investment advisors and this profile is not to be considered
Investment advice. This information is neither a solicitation
To buy nor an offer to sell securities. Information herein
Contains future - looking statements that are subject to
Significant risks and uncertainties. There are no shares
Presently held and no participation will occur in the
Trading of shares in any profiled company.
