Subject: investment news: hot stock this week!"
The u. S. Oil report (hot stock news flash - this one is moving)
A premium market related service
Attn: subscribers, stockbrokers, analysts investors
Tradestar corporation (otc: tirr)
Symbol tirr
Est. Shares outstanding 38, 000, 000
Est. Float 2, 000, 000
Recent price $0. 71
Tirr is up over 70% in the past two weeks!!!
Tradestar corporation (tirr) finishes recompletion of karnes county tx oil well bringing on 35 bpd in production!!!
Readers who have followed oil stock recommendations (otcbb: svse and asurf) in the past have profited nicely.
The company
Tradestar corp. (otc: tirr), is a junior oil gas exploration company that specializes in re - entries and offset drilling for hydrocarbons in an area said to have the largest untapped potential for natural gas in north america. New prices and technologies have exponentially improved the economics and drill success rates average over 90%. Tradestar corp. Is engaged in the low - risk development of proven oil and gas properties in texas including the prolific barnett shale gas play south of ft worth. The rapid oil and gas price increases and recent advances in economical drilling, completion and production techniques, have resulted in:
1 accelerated development activity and increased land lease values in this extremely productive area.
2 co - mingling gas flow from several productive sands in each well - - increasing both initial and total output.
3 the opportunity to drill new offset wells - - where success rates are typically over 90%. (using oil@ $35. 00 and gas@ $4. 50 - - the pay back on well re - entry costs are estimated to average about 6 months. Oil is currently $48 and gas $6!!!!
Tirr' s strategy is to strike oil again! Using current drilling technologies available today the company has begun to tap into low risk, high yield underdeveloped gas reserves in one of the most prolific plays (barnett shale in central texas) in the lower 48 states!!! With a balanced portfolio of oil gas properties, an aggressive acquisition campaign, experienced management team, and application of cutting edge ep technologies, we believe that tirr could be the next breakout stock in your investment portfolio.
Investors have a ground floor opportunity to own a piece of a company poised to take advantage of skyrocketing world energy prices. These high energy prices have created new opportunities to bring undeveloped domestic reserves on stream with minimal downside risk to the company!!!!
Previous news
Tradestar corporation announces barnett shale project
Hot springs, ark., - - tradestar (otc: tirr) today announces that it has entered into a joint venture agreement with united production and exploration of houston, texas to reenter and drill a binion parker gas well and prospect in erath county, texas. In addition to the gas well reentry, the prospect, which covers 111 acres, has an additional location to drill a new well. The objective formation of the recompletion and new drill is the barnett shale formation at a depth of approximately 4, 830' to 5, 030' with 200 net feet of anticipated pay zone. Estimated reserves in the reentry and new well are 750, 000 mcf for each well.
Why we love this stock
1. Continued rise in world oil gas prices!
2. Over 30 potential oil gas producing sites in the prolific barnett shale of central texas
3. Strong industry investment banking relationships
4. Strong management - over 50 years of experience in the oil patch
5. Multiple leaseholds and joint venture partners
6. Tight float, low entry price strong upward potential!
7. Business model offers only real solution to u. S. Dependency on foreign oil.
8. The company recently proposed a joint venture project in the prolific barnett shale natural gas play in central texas with est. Reserves of over 10 trillion cubic ft of gas!
Conclusion
Tradestar corp. (tirr) is getting ready to become a major presence in oil gas fields across texas. Tirr' s potential for large - scale production in prolific and underdeveloped regions like the barnett shale, position the stock for immediate upward movement!!! We believe that tirr is in position to take the petroleum industry by storm. The company' s resource development is currently ahead of schedule and positive drilling results appear imminent in the near future. Revenues are up 50% over the lst quarter of last year. Don' t miss this fantastic opportunity. For more information on tirr, go to tradestar - corp. Com for sec filings or press releases.
This is one of our top recommendations this year. We are giving tirr our seal of approval.
Read this:
Please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein. This newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer. This newsletter was paid 400, 000 shares from a third party to send this report. All statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such. We may own, take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time. This report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. These statements may include terms as expect, believe, may, will, move, undervalued and intend or similar terms.
