Subject: goldeditor: resource opportunities profiles elgin resources (elr - tsx)
Www. Goldeditor. Com
Lawrence roulston,
Editor of resource opportunities newsletter, is one of the few editors we
Follow who is a geologist. We find his copy more conservative than most, and
Respect his researched opinion. His recent profile of elgin resources (elr: tsx), a platinum
Company, was important for us to read, because we know he followed aquarius
Platinum earlier. Aquarius is a highly successful company on the london stock exchange. Thank you lawrence for allowing us to share your knowledge of
Geology and platinum with our subscribers.
Lawrence
Roulstons
Resource opportunities
... Discovering
Value in natural resource stocks
Elgin
Resources
(elr - tsx)
Extracted from the march 2005 - 1 issue
Elgin
Is in the process of merging with jonpol to create a company with substantial
Platinum interests and near - term production potential.
The combined company will have in excess of 12 million
Ounces of platinum group metals to its credit, all in the measured and
Indicated resource category. Most importantly, both of the main deposits that
Will initially be held by the new company are presently headed toward early
Development.
Both of elgins projects are on the eastern limb of
The bushveld complex in south africa. The bushveld is the worlds most
Important source of platinum, producing two thirds of the world' s supply of the
Precious metal.
The elgin deposits have grades and other attributes
Comparable to nearby profitable operating mines. They have the added benefit of
Being located at a shallow depth, with plans to begin mining one of the
Deposits as an open pit. By taking advantage of nearby infrastructure, elgin can develop the mines quickly and at modest capital costs.
To read the
Entire article, click here:
Happy reading, live long and prosper.
The gold editor
Gold editor provides, for remuneration, corporate communications and
Investor relations services to the above mentioned client (s). The information
Contained in this email is based on existing disclosure documents or other
Publicly available information. You are encouraged to seek independent
Verification of any information that is important to your decisions. Neither
Gold editor nor the mentioned client (s) is offering securities or advising or
Soliciting the purchase or sale of the securities.
Www. Goldeditor. Com
To be removed from this distribution list, click on
The box below.
Gold editor po box 48451 bentall centre vancouver, bc v 7 x la 2 canada
