Subject: jump in to gain substantial ground immediately
We are very excited about this new upcoming stock about to explode
Montana oil and gas, inc. (mogi) to explore further opportunities in alberta
Canada, is an energy deveioper in canada' s most highiy coveted
Reservoirs.
Aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oI | and gas
Again this morning! Montana oil and gas inc. (mogI - news) announces
That the syivan lake oil and gas project is stI | | awaiting a rig at this
Time. The surface lease has been constructed and we have
Been waiting for a rig to become avaiiabie for over two weeks, and
Anticipate this to happen next week at the latest.
The company has a 25% working interest in the syivan lake project.
Symbo | - mogi
Current price -. 26
Reasons to consider mogi:
1. Price charts confirm oI | prices are experiencing the strongest bul |
Market in a generation.
2. Natura | gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years.
3. With multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
Reserves potentialiy worth muitI - millions, mogI is seliing for less
Than 1/4 the vaiue of its assets.
4. Montana oI | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
Unproductive oI | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises. Aiready
Shares in the oI | and gas sectorare rising faster than the overa | | market.
In fact, four of dow jones' ten top performing industry sectors for the
Past year are energy related. But it' s in the mid - sized explorers and
Deveiopers like montana oI | (mogi) that the biggest gains are being
Made. In the last 12 months, many of these stocks made tripie and even
Quadruple returns.
Breaking news!!
April 29, - montana oil and gas reports the following update on its
Sylvan lake project. After several delays due to unseasonable weather and
Road closures in the province of alberta, the contracted drilling rig
Was moved onto location and ensign drilling has spudded the 5 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m
Well. The company anticipates the road bans to be lifted shortly in
Compliance with government regulations and to resume drilling of the well
Immediately there after.
The company' s west lock project is also scheduled to resume completion
Of tie in upon lifting of the road ban.
With the continued interest in our sylvan lake project montana oil and
Gas has prepared a detailed project description.
Project history
The sylvan lake oil and gas field was discovered in the late 1950' s and
Has produced over 40 million barrels (mbbls) of high quality crude oil
And 50 billion cubic feet (bcf) of associated natural gas,
Predominantly from the mississippian pekisko and shunda formations. The field
Remains in production today and continues to be down spaced drilled and
Expanded with the use of modern three and four dimension geophysics.
The original freehold lease on section 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m was leased to a major
Oil company, as was most of the sylvan lake field itself. An
Exploratory well was drilled by this major company in 7 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m in 1958 and was
Abandoned after finding the shunda and pekisko formations completely
Eroded by post depositional cutting. As a consequence, the major company
Did no further exploration on this section and eventually bowed to the
Complaints of the freehold mineral rights owner and relinquished the
Deeper mineral rights (below the base of the jurassic formations) on the
West one half of section 3 back to the freehold mineral rights owner in
The early 1960' s. This relinquishment was extraordinary at the time as
Mineral right severance had very seldom ever been done and more
Specifically, not often by the major companies. Accordingly, these mineral
Rights sat available and dormant until the early 2000' s as almost all oil
And gas companies thought they were held by the original lessee.
Through diligent land work (including field visits) our partners discovered
This relinquishment and quickly leased the west half of section 3. Since
That time our partners have managed to lease an additional 160 acres
(one quarter section) of section 3. Energy 51 has the right to earn 50%
Of this prospect (possibly 75%) with the drilling of a test well in
5 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m.
Land discussion
Our partners have secured a 100% working interest in the west half and
Northeast quarter of section 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m. The land comprises some 480
Acres (one section or one square mile equals 640 acres). Primary drilling
Spacing in alberta is as follows; one quarter section spacing (160
Acres) for oil and one section spacing (640 acres) for natural gas. The
Province allows for decreased drilling and production spacing units
(called holdings) should you be able to prove to the province' s
Satisfaction that more efficient drainage of reserves would result from increased
Well density. Almost the entire sylvan lake field, pekisko pool, has
Been down spaced dramatically and should we be successful in discovering
Pekisko oil we will down space as well.
Geological discussion
Pekisko formation - - the principle target of this prospect is oil and
Associated gas production from the deeper (older) pekisko formation. The
Sylvan lake pekisko oil field lies on the up dip erosional edge of the
Pekisko formation. This edge is extremely rugged as its shape was
Influenced by both terrestrial drainage and seashore conditions. Overlying
This ancient shoreline are cap rocks (impermeable layers) of the
Mississippian lower shunda formation and cretaceous/jurassic impermeable
Shales. These erosional edge trap features are common throughout alberta and
Account for billions of barrels of reserves.
Production facilities discussion
This immediate area has been developed for both oil and natural gas
Over the past forty - five years. Accordingly a multitude of gas gathering
And processing facilities and oil transportation facilities have been
Constructed.
A major gas processing facility is located within two miles of our
Project with gathering system lines with one half a mile from our proposed
Drilling location. The capacity of the processing facility is
Approximately 70 mmcf/d with current throughput of only 46 mmcf/d. Accordingly,
Excess capacity of 24 mmcf/d exists in the facility which would be in
The best interest of the operator to fill as soon as possible.
This gas processing facility also has oil pipeline access for the
Transportation of raw oil product to the main delivery terminals north of
Red deer, alberta. Accordingly, trucking costs would be minimal to get
Oil product to the transportation system.
For more detailed project description please see news release dated
(fri, apr 29).
Good luck and successfu | trading.
Conclusion:
The examples above show the awesome, earning potential of little known
Companies that explode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are
Already familiar with this. Is mogI poised and positioned to do that for
You? Then you may feel the time has come to act... And please watch
This one trade tuesday! Go mogi.
Penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable
For all but very aggressive investors. This profile is not in any way
Affiliated with the featured company. We were compensated 3000 dollars
To distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and
Advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.
