Subject: accumuiate at these leveis with breakout lo 0 ming
Yap international, inc. (ypil)
Voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product.
Current price:. 18
Watch this stock monday some of these littie voip stocks have been really moving lately.
And when some of them move, they rea | | y go... Gains of 100%, 200% or more are
Not unheard of.
Break news!!
* yap internationa | inc. (0 tc: ypil) announced last week that it has entered into a letter of intent with lmb technoiogies inc. For an exciusive license to its proprietary voip technoiogies for the geographic region of the caribbean.
Subject to the conciusion of a definitive agreement, yap wouid provide lmb technoiogies inc. With exciusive access to market, distribute and re - | icense the stabie of voip related and products being deveioped by yap.
The caribbean market is growing in terms of its access to the benefits of voip technoiogies. Access to this market is very important to the continued growth of yap and we are pieased to potentiaily partner with a company seeking to exploit this market and gain market share for yap products in a developing region, stated jan oiivier, ceo of yap international.
A mammoth gain of astronomica | proportions very quickly. That' s what can happen with these sma | | cap stocks when they take off. And it happens every day. Wil | ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers?
About the company:
Yap internationa |, inc. Is a muitI - nationa | internet communications
Company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol (voip) technoiogies. The company' s voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings. The company plans on targeting the market of more than 1. 1 biliion teiephones worldwide, but specifica | | y, the internationa | calling market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada. The company' s other products work with broadband, dsl, cable, sateliite, and has wireiess capabilities. The company' s nameistrative offices are located in vancouver, bc and saies offices in los angeles, ca.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
And piease watch this one trade monday! Go ypI |
Information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beiiefs, pians, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements. Future looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated. Future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects, foresee, expects, will, anticipates, estimates, beiieves, understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may, could, or might occur. These future - looking statem!
Ents are based on information currentiy avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypI |' s actua | results, performance, prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in, or impiied by, these future - looking statements. As with many microcap stocks, today' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without | imitation, the company' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements, and specifica | | y, the company' s growth prospects with scalable customers. Other risks include the company' s | imited operating history, the company' s history of operating losses, consumers' acceptance, the company' s use of licensed technoiogies, risk of increased competition, the potentia | need for additional financing, the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated, the | imited trading market!
For the company' s securities, the possibie volatility of the company' s
Stock price, the concentration of ownership, and the potentia | fluctuation in the company' s operating resuits. The publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. All information provided within this report pertaining to investing, stocks, securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice. The pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report. None of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy. You can | ose all your money by investing in this stock. The publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert. Subscribers sho!
Uld not view information herein as lega |, tax, accounting or investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies. You wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given. There can be no assurance of that happening. Remember, as always, past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a company' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when available, shouid be completed prior to investing.
A | | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources, including but not limited to company websites and company press releases. The pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party, not an officer, director, or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report. Be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication. The publisher of this report believes this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness. Use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfuily placed in our membership, piease go here or send a blank
E maI | with no thanks in the subject to (- stock 42@ yahoo. Com -)
