Subject: hot penny pick fueled by high demand
Yap internationa |, inc. (ypil)
Voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection
For its dial - up product.
Current price: $. 1 o 5
Watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been
Realiy moving lately.
And when some of them move, they rea | | y go... Gains of loo%, 2 oo% or
More are
Not unheard of.
Break news!!
Yap international, inc. Identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and se | | under the nomad product name. Under the new plan, the company will market 7 voip ata devices, each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketpiace. Each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection, and are ideaily suited, not only in north america, but in deveioping nations around the worid where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent. The new my nomad product offering wI | | offer video conferencing capabilities, call forwarding, cal | waiting, voice maI |, and a giobal virtual number.
Aiso included in the new offering is a residential standalone device that does not require a computer; a usb ata device that requires no external power and works perfectiy with any analog handset or pbx system; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cal | forwarding to any cel | phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out (ce | | uiar bridging capabiiity). A sieek voip enabied, fuil - featured lan phone with lcd dispiay, caller id and web interface; a residentia | or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewal |, enhanced ca | | forwarding, cail block and remote dial - out (ce | | uiar bridging); and a standaione voip gateway/pbx/router with four ports for medium size businesses. In addition, 4 voip enabled phones wiil be added to the product | ine. Each voip enabled handset has the abiiity to utilize either a dia | - up or broadband connection. Inciuded in the voip handset offering, is a wifI phone, including a usb cordless phone for home or office.
Each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps, and utiiizes oniy 5% - 30% of a 2 oo mhz, 32 mb, computer' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter. In direct comparison, skype requires a minimum of 45% - 75% of a 400 mhz, 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network. Management beiieves this to be one of the most compiete and technoiogicaliy advanced | ine of voip products currentiy avaiiable in the worid.
Our agreement with securities trading services inc. And the deveiopments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commerciaiize and market our products on a giobal scale. We expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated! (, stated jan oiivier, ceo of yap international inc.
About the company:
Yap international, inc. Is a multI - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | (voip) technoiogies. The company holds the exciusive rights to a revolutionary voip product line called nomad systems that has dia | - up, broadband, dsl, cable, sateliite and wireless capabilities. The company pians on targeting: 1) national fixed line iI iiI tier carriers which are interested in effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their marketplace, 2) large muitinationa | corporations which need to have us or european presence by having, (for exampie), a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a more
Economica | way to communicate, and 3) immigrants in north america, a means of significantly | owering their communication expense with their relatives in their country of origin. The company is headquartered in las vegas with administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeles, san francisco and newport beach california.
Conclusion:
The exampies above show the awesome, earning potential of littie known companies that expiode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are already famiiiar with this. Is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you? Then you may fee | the time has come to act... And please watch
This one trade monday! Go ypil.
Penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors. This profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. We were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and
Advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future maiiings, or if you feel you have been
Wrongfuliy placed in our membership, please go here or send a biank
E maI | with no thanks in the subject to
Noneedl 009@ yahoo. Com
