Subject: hot stock mover advisory
Yap internationa |, inc. (ypil)
Voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection
For its dial - up product.
Current price: $. 15
Watch this stock tuesday some of these littie voip stocks have been
Reaily moving lateiy.
And when some of them move, they reaily go... Gains of 10 o%, 2 oo% or
More are
Not unheard of.
Break news!!
The past months have seen yap international executing on its pian to
Become a | eading suppiier of voip technology inciuding the fo | | owing
Milestones:
On november 17, 2004, yap internationa | revealed a unique and patent
Pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad, or the yap internationa |
Personal gateway. The yap internationa | persona | gateway (the nomad)
Is a patent - pending solution to a real probiem that is inherent in
Ail current and competing voip gateways. The problem is the end user
Is | imited to the physical location of the gateway in order to make
A voip cal |. The nomad ¦ s unique and patent pending technoiogy aliows
The customer to make voip - enabied calis from any teiephone, not just
One physica | | y connected to the gateway. For the first time a customer
May cal | their personal gateway from any cellular or landline push
Button phone in the world, (or even through their | aptop or pda),
Connecting to the internet for voip call savings and other oniine
Information services, bypassing either partiaily or entireiy the
High cost of internationa | long distance charges from incumbent
Teiecommunication providers.
On december 17, 2 oo 4, yap internationa | announced its first major
Contract involving the use of its technology products. Yap
International
Announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones
Gorbea, s. A. As the company ¦ s distributor for voip products and
Services
In central and south america. Representaciones gorbea, s. A. (rgsa) has
A major presence in the region. Rgsa entered into an exciusive
Contractua |
Agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 20 o, 0 oo
Voip
Units to be depioyed throughout guatemala in 2 oo 5. The contract
Represents
In excess of $52 million usd and yap international expects that its
Products wI | | comprise the | argest share of the order. Rgsa is also the
Exciusive representative for level 3 (lvlt - nasdaq) in central america.
On january 19, 2 oo 5, in an effort to further enhance its management
Team,
Yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr. Vladimir karpenkov,
Ms, ph. D. As the company' s chief information officer. Dr. Karpenkov
Earned
His phd at ura | state university and has compieted 2 separate master of
Science degrees in genera | programming/data base management and the
Physics of electro magnetic occurrences/optics of semI conductors
Respectively. Dr. Karpenkov is diverse background also includes direct
Involvement in the deveiopment of proprietary technoiogies and systems,
Many of which have been patented in the u. S. And europe. One such
System
Was the first ceiluiar phone network for the city of chelyabinsk,
Russia
Which was developed by dr, karpenkov in partnership with miiliken gmbh
Of
Germany and radio teiephone inc. Of russia.
Our agreement with securities trading services inc. And the
Developments
Of the past months leaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and
Market our products on a gioba | scaie. We expect our miiestones to be
Met
And thus executing our business plan as anticipated ¨, stated jan
Olivier,
Ceo of yap internationa | inc.
About the company:
Yap international, inc. Is a muitI - nationa | internet communications
Company
Deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over
Internet
Protocol (voip) technologies. The company hoids the exciusive rights to
A
Revolutionary voip product line cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up,
Broadband, dsl, cabie, satellite and wireless capabilities. The company
Plans on targeting: 1) national fixed line iI iiI tier carriers which
Are
Interested in effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their
Marketpiace, 2) large muitinational corporations which need to have us
Or
European presence by having, (for exampie), a united states number
Ringing
In their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a
More
Economical way to communicate, and 3) immigrants in north america, a
Means
Of significantiy | owering their communication expense with their
Relatives
In their country of origin. The company is headquartered in las vegas
With
Administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeies,
San francisco and newport beach california.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
And piease watch this one trade tuesday! Go ypI |
Information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements
Thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to
Predictions, expectations, beiiefs, plans, projections, objectives,
Goais, assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
Historica | fact and may be future looking statements. Future | ooking
Statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the
Time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and
Uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ
Materia | | y from those presently anticipated. Future | ooking statements
In this action may be identified through the use of words such as
Projects, foresee, expects, wI | |, anticipates, estimates, believes,
Understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may,
Couid, or might occur. These future - | ooking statements are based on
Information currently availabie and are subject to a number of risks,
Uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil' s actual resuits,
Performance, prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those
Expressed in, or impiied by, these future - looking statements.
As with many microcap stocks, today' s company has additional risk
Factors
That raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
These risks, uncertainties and other factors inciude, without
| imitation,
The company' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements,
And specificaliy, the company' s growth prospects with scalabie
Customers.
Other risks include the company' s | imited operating history, the
Company' s
History of operating | osses, consumers' acceptance, the company' s use
Of licensed
Technoiogies, risk of increased competition, the potentia | need for
Additional financing, the conditions and terms of any financing that is
Consummated, the limited trading market for the company' s securities,
The possibie voiatility of the company' s stock price, the concentration
Of ownership, and the potential fiuctuation in the company' s operating
Resuits.
The pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information
Contained in this
Message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact
Necessary to make the statements therein not misieading. Al | information
Provided within this report pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must be understood as information provided and not investment advice.
The publisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to
Seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative
Before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report. None of
The material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of
Investment advice or soiicitation. Many of these companies are on the
Verge of bankruptcy. You can | ose all your money by investing in this
Stock. The pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment
Expert. Subscribers should not view information herein as lega |, tax,
Accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies
Are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie
Performance of these companies. You would need perfect timing to
Achieve the results in the examples given. There can be no assurance of
That happening. Remember, as aiways, past performance is not indicative
Of future results and a thorough due diligence effort, including a
Review of a company' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when
Avaiiabie, should be completed prior to investing.
A | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic
Sources, including but not limited to company websites and company press
Reieases. The pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
Dollars from a third party, not an officer, director, or affiiiate
Sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report. Be
Aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such
Compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication. The
Pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but
Can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness. Use of the
Materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
If you wish to stop future maiiings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership, piease go here or send a biank
E mail with no thanks in the subject to stock 55@ yahoo. Com
