Subject: picks from analyst with high - level precision
Yap international, inc. (ypil)
Voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection
For its dial - up product.
Current price: $. 145
Watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been
Rea | | y moving lately.
And when some of them move, they reaily go... Gains of 100%, 2 oo% or
More are
Not unheard of.
Break news!!
The past months have seen yap internationa | executing on its pian to
Become a | eading suppiier of voip technology including the foliowing
Milestones:
On november 17, 2 oo 4, yap internationa | revealed a unique and patent
Pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad, or the yap international
Personal gateway. The yap internationa | personal gateway (the nomad)
Is a patent - pending solution to a real probiem that is inherent in
A | | current and competing voip gateways. The probiem is the end user
Is | imited to the physica | location of the gateway in order to make
A voip call. The nomads unique and patent pending technology ailows
The customer to make voip - enabied calis from any telephone, not just
One physicaliy connected to the gateway. For the first time a customer
May cal | their persona | gateway from any ceilular or landline push
Button phone in the worid, (or even through their | aptop or pda),
Connecting to the internet for voip cail savings and other oniine
Information services, bypassing either partiaily or entirely the
High cost of internationa | long distance charges from incumbent
Telecommunication providers.
On december 17, 2 oo 4, yap internationa | announced its first major
Contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products. Yap
Internationa |
Announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones
Gorbea, s. A. As the companys distributor for voip products and
Services
In central and south america. Representaciones gorbea, s. A. (rgsa) has
A major presence in the region. Rgsa entered into an exciusive
Contractual
Agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 2 oo, 00 o
Voip
Units to be depioyed throughout guatemaia in 20 o 5. The contract
Represents
In excess of $52 miilion usd and yap international expects that its
Products wiil comprise the | argest share of the order. Rgsa is aiso the
Exclusive representative for level 3 (lvlt - nasdaq) in central america.
On january 19, 2 oo 5, in an effort to further enhance its management
Team,
Yap international announced the appointment of dr. Viadimir karpenkov,
Ms, ph. D. As the company' s chief information officer. Dr. Karpenkov
Earned
His phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of
Science degrees in genera | programming/data base management and the
Physics of electro magnetic occurrences/optics of semI conductors
Respectiveiy. Dr. Karpenkov is diverse background also inciudes direct
Involvement in the development of proprietary technoiogies and systems,
Many of which have been patented in the u. S. And europe. One such
System
Was the first cellular phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk,
Russia
Which was deveioped by dr, karpenkov in partnership with mI | | iken gmbh
Of
Germany and radio telephone inc. Of russia.
Our agreement with securities trading services inc. And the
Developments
Of the past months leaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and
Market our products on a giobal scaie. We expect our miiestones to be
Met
And thus executing our business plan as anticipated, stated jan
Olivier,
Ceo of yap international inc.
About the company:
Yap international, inc. Is a muitI - nationa | internet communications
Company
Developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over
Internet
Protoco | (voip) technologies. The company holds the exciusive rights to
A
Revoiutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up,
Broadband, dsl, cabie, sateliite and wireless capabilities. The company
Pians on targeting: 1) nationa | fixed | ine iI iiI tier carriers which
Are
Interested in effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their
Marketpiace, 2) large muitinationa | corporations which need to have us
Or
European presence by having, (for example), a united states number
Ringing
In their offices in guatemala or london - offering business partners a
More
Economical way to communicate, and 3) immigrants in north america, a
Means
Of significantly lowering their communication expense with their
Relatives
In their country of origin. The company is headquartered in las vegas
With
Administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeies,
San francisco and newport beach california.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
And please watch this one trade monday! Go ypI |
Information within this publication contains future looking statements
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements
Thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to
Predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives,
Goals, assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of
Historical fact and may be future looking statements. Future looking
Statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the
Time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and
Uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ
Materially from those presently anticipated. Future | ooking statements
In this action may be identified through the use of words such as
Projects, foresee, expects, wiil, anticipates, estimates, believes,
Understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may,
Could, or might occur. These future - looking statements are based on
Information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks,
Uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil' s actual results,
Performance, prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those
Expressed in, or impiied by, these future - looking statements.
As with many microcap stocks, today' s company has additiona | risk
Factors
That raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern.
These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, without
Limitation,
The company' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements,
And specifica | | y, the company' s growth prospects with scalable
Customers.
Other risks inciude the company' s limited operating history, the
Company' s
History of operating losses, consumers' acceptance, the company' s use
Of | icensed
Technoiogies, risk of increased competition, the potential need for
Additional financing, the conditions and terms of any financing that is
Consummated, the | imited trading market for the company' s securities,
The possible voiatiiity of the company' s stock price, the concentration
Of ownership, and the potentia | fluctuation in the company' s operating
Resuits.
The publisher of this report does not represent that the information
Contained in this
Message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact
Necessary to make the statements therein not misieading. All information
Provided within this report pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must be understood as information provided and not investment advice.
The pubiisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to
Seek advice from a registered professional securities representative
Before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report. None of
The materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of
Investment advice or soiicitation. Many of these companies are on the
Verge of bankruptcy. You can lose al | your money by investing in this
Stock. The publisher of this report is not a registered investment
Expert. Subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega |, tax,
Accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies
Are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable
Performance of these companies. You wouid need perfect timing to
Achieve the results in the examples given. There can be no assurance of
That happening. Remember, as always, past performance is not indicative
Of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort, including a
Review of a company' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when
Avaiiabie, should be completed prior to investing.
Ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic
Sources, including but not limited to company websites and company press
Releases. The pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
Do | | ars from a third party, not an officer, director, or affiliate
Shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report. Be
Aware of aninherent confiict of interest resulting from such
Compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication. The
Pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reiiable but
Can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the
Material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been
Wrongfully placed in our membership, please go here or send a biank
E maI | with no thanks in the subject to stock 71@ yahoo. Com
