Subject: soaring microcap moving quickly
Stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroieum (wysk), key
Energy services, inc. (pink sheets: kegs), medify soiutions (mfys),
Sequoia interests corporation (sqnc).
Wysak petroleum (wysk)
Current price: o. 21
Wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
Commission baitic renewabie energy centre (ec brec) to assist wysak petroleum in
The deveiopment of the wysak wind power project.
Ec brec and wysak have signed a loI in respect to the development of a
Fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe. This | etter states that ec
Brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment,
Regulatory issues, government poiicies, negotiations, wind technoiogies, and
Other aspects relating to wind power.
About the wysak wind project
This development wI | | be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $120
Million in development expenditures. Once completed, this wind park wiil supply
Upwards of 17 o, 0 oo mw of electricity annualiy for poiand and the european
Community. This is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25, 00 o homes with
Electricity and offset nearly 170, oo 0 tonnes of greenhouse gases. Tota | gross
Electric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $450 mI | | ion for a
Project this size.
About the ec baltic renewable energy centre
The mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the
Deveiopment of renewabie energy sources (res) in poiand through the construction
Of res projects, the deveiopment of innovative technoiogies, and the creation of
Relevant poiicies, strategies and pians. To fuifiil the mission, ec brec uses
Its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
Eu, other countries, and internationa | organizations.
About wysak petroleum
Wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop
Traditiona | fossil fuel sites, as we | | as ciean air alternative energy producing
Technologies. Wysak controls one wyoming federal oil gas | ease in the bighorn
Basin region and another in the green river basin. Its two wyoming state | eases
Are located 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane piay area of the
Powder river basin. Numerous large petroieum and exploration firms operate near
To all of these properties; they inciude exxonmobiie (xom), wiliiams gas (wmb),
And western gas (wgr) among others. Coliectiveiy, over 26, 0 oo we | | s produced
54. 7 miilion barrels of oI | and 1. 75 trI | | ion cubic feet of natura | gas in
Wyoming
Conciusion:
The examples above show the awesome, earning potentia | of littie known companies
That explode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this.
Is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you?
Then you may feel the time has come to act... And please watch this one trade monday!
Go wysk.
Penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but
Very aggressive investors. This profile is not in any way affiiiated with the
Featured company. We were compensated 30 oo do | | ars to distribute this report.
This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be
Used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfuily placed in our membership, please go here or send a biank
E maI | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004@ yahoo. Com
