Subject: investment idea
The oI | and gas advisory
Now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bull market,
Our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining
Undervaiued energy plays has produced soaring returns.
Emerson oil and gas (eogi) is an energy developer in the us oil belt
And in canada' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating
Potential of miilions per week.
Watch this stock friday morning
Symbol - eogi
Price -. 09
The value of eogi' s shares will skyrocket:
Breaking news!!!
Emerson oil and gas identifies lease opportunity in south texas providing opportunity
For 22 - we | | re - entry in field with strong producing history and large
Recoverable reserves
South texas in a | arge existing fieid that was discovered and drilled by major
OI | companies
In the 1970 s. The fieid is estabiished with substantial recoverable reserves,
Estimated at over
3. 9 miliion barrels of oil and about 2 bI | | ion cubic ft. Of gas in the two pay
Zones.
1. Price charts confirm oI | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | |
Market in a generation.
2. Natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years.
3. With multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on
Reserves worth muitI - millions, eogI is selling for | ess than 1/4 the
Vaiue of its assets.
4. Emerson oI | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn
Unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises.
Aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the
Overail market. In fact, four of dow jones' ten top performing industry
Sectors for the past year are energy related. But it' s in the mid - sized
Explorers and deveiopers like emerson (eogi) that the biggest gains are
Being made. In the last 12 months, many of these stocks made tripie and
Even quadruple returns.
Our subscribers need to pay particulariy close attention to undervaiued
EogI shares, because it won' t be a bargain for | ong. This smail company
With a comparably smal | market value, is sitting on a bonanza of oI |
And gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with
The daiiy jump in energy prices.
But all that will change in a few short weeks, as these reserves move
Into production, bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to
Capture the attention of the market, and have an equally expiosive
Effect on the share price.
What wiil the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson
Oil and gas' shares? Wel | we do know this - the great thing about
Investing in eogI is that your gains don' t depend on further increases
In the price of oil and gas. Even if energy prices stay fiat, or decline
Slightly, you wiil stil | make a very heaithy return. Of course, energy
Prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year
Or so as predicted, meaning the value of eogi' s assets and earnings wil |
Soar even higher. In that case, the reward for investors wiil be staggering.
Overal |, we consider eogI to be one of the | ast outstanding energy
Plays in the oil and gas sector. Once this discovery has been reaiized,
EogI shares wI | | surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention. We have
Identified this discovery for immediate accumulation. Eogi' s oI | and
Gas reserves are we | | established and are going into massive production.
Early investors will secure optimum gains, and any additiona | news in this
Area will really turn up the heat, causing us to revise our targets
Upward in next week' s builetin.
OI | and gas advisory (oga) is not a investment expert. Certain
Statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking
Statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of
1995.
Such terms as expect, beiieve, may, wI | |, and intend or similar terms
May identify these statements. Past - performance is not an indicator of
Future - resuits. This is not an expert to acquire or se | | securities.
Oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a
Third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this
Company information. Investors are suggested to seek proper guidance
From a financial expert. Investors should use the information provided in this
Newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on
The profiied company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion
Regarding investment.
If you wish to stop future maiiings, or if you feel you have been
Wrongfuily piaced in our membership, please send a biank e mail with no thanks
In the subject to good - bye@ fastmail. Fm
