Subject: smallcap investment opportunity
Structure technology report
May 10 th, 2005 - - for immediate release
Investors and traders:
Pinnacle group limited, inc. (pgpu) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc.
Aerofoam metals inc is a leading structural technology company focused on the development
Commercialization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market.
In today' s market, aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and little competition.
Symbol: pgpu. Pk
Current price: 0. 70
Short term target price: 2. 25
12 month target price: 5. 25
Pinnaclegli. Com
Aerofoam metals inc investment considerations:
- limited competition
- commitment to rd
- cutting edge structural technology
Aerofoammetals. Com
Press release - - may 10 th, 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
The company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam
Metals incorporated (aerofoam) have reached an agreement in principle. The parties have entered into
A binding letter of intent, whereby, pinnacle will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of
Aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle. The number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
Aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3, 500, 000 common shares. The major shareholder of aerofoam who
Beneficially owns 56% of all the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
In favor of this acquisition. The parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement
Immediately and to hold a special shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 60 days of signing
This letter of intent.
Pinnacle group ltd profile:
Pinnacle group is a u. S. Based holding company, traded on the pinksheets. Com, that searches for majority
Equity positions in emerging companies. Pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs, managers and ceos the option of
Achieving their goals as part of a larger organization. The company provides capital and management
Assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into publicly traded companies.
The company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires, using tried and proven methods
To expand the business, who are also open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals.
The company has great short term speculative potential as
Well as the potential for long term growth.
We believe the speculative near term target price is - 2. 25
We believe the speculative long term target price is - 5. 25
This is why pgpu might be the next hot pick!
Please follow this one tr@ de this week!!
Nothing in this e - mail should be considered personalized investment
Advice. Although our employees may answer your general customer
Service questions, they are not licensed under securities laws to
Address your particular investment situation. No communication by our
Employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice.
We expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in
Any security recommended to our readers. All of our employees and
Agents must wait 24 hours after on - line publication or 72 hours after
The mailing of printed - only publication prior to following an initial
Recommendation. Any investments recommended in this letter should be
Made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after
Reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company.
For any other subscription issues, reply please to: no _ morenewslettersl@ yahoo. Com
(c) 2005 investment newsletter all rights reserved
