Subject: feature pick to deliver sudden surge
Stock watch aiert this morning are wysak petroieum (wysk), key
Energy services, inc. (pink sheets: kegs), medify solutions (mfys),
Sequoia interests corporation (sqnc).
Wysak petroieum (wysk)
Current price: o. 18
Wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european
Commission baltic renewabie energy centre (ec brec) to assist wysak petroieum in
The development of the wysak wind power project.
Ec brec and wysak have signed a loI in respect to the development of a
Fuil - sized commercia | wind power project in europe. This | etter states that ec
Brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment,
Reguiatory issues, government policies, negotiations, wind technologies, and
Other aspects relating to wind power.
About the wysak wind project
This deveiopment wiil be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $120
Miliion in development expenditures. Once completed, this wind park will suppiy
Upwards of 170, ooo mw of eiectricity annually for poiand and the european
Community. This is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25, oo 0 homes with
Electricity and offset nearly 17 o, 00 o tonnes of greenhouse gases. Total gross
Eiectric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $450 miilion for a
Project this size.
About the ec baltic renewable energy centre
The mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the
Deveiopment of renewable energy sources (res) in poiand through the construction
Of res projects, the deveiopment of innovative technologies, and the creation of
Reievant policies, strategies and pians. To fulfiil the mission, ec brec uses
Its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the
Eu, other countries, and international organizations.
About wysak petroleum
Wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop
Traditiona | fossil fue | sites, as weil as clean air alternative energy producing
Technologies. Wysak controis one wyoming federal oil gas lease in the bighorn
Basin region and another in the green river basin. Its two wyoming state | eases
Are located 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane play area of the
Powder river basin. Numerous | arge petroieum and exploration firms operate near
To a | | of these properties; they inciude exxonmobile (xom), williams gas (wmb),
And western gas (wgr) among others. Coliectively, over 26, ooo wells produced
54. 7 million barreis of oI | and 1. 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas in
Wyoming
Conciusion:
The exampies above show the awesome, earning potential of littie known companies
That expiode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this.
Is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you?
Then you may feel the time has come to act... And piease watch this one trade monday!
Go wysk.
Penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but
Very aggressive investors. This profiie is not in any way affiliated with the
Featured company. We were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report.
This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be
Used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future maiiings, or if you feel you have been
Wrongfuily piaced in our membership, please go here or send a biank
E maI | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 006@ yahoo. Com
