Subject: [auto - reply] special report reveals this smallcap
Rocket stocks newsletter
First we would like to say thank you to al | of our avid readers! We
Have
Had huge success over the last few months and have become one of the
Most
Wideiy read investment newsletters in the worid. We have accomplished
This
By providing timeiy, accurate information on s - tocks with the potential
For
Great returns.
Rocket s - tocks is not your father' s investment newsietter! We focus on
S - tocks with the potentia | to go up in value by weil over 5 oo%. That' s
What
It takes to make it on to our | ist. These are s - tocks for the risk
Toierant
Investor! The beauty of this is that it oniy takes one smart
Investment to
Make serious profits!
New deveiopments expected for intelligent sports, inc. S - tock
From $o. 01 to over $o. 08
Symbo |: igts. Pk
Current price: $0. 01
Short term target price: $o. O 8
12 month target price: $o. 17
Intelligentsports. Net
We love these small companies. A company | ike this is | ike a siigshot,
Pu | | ed back and ready to go. One fortunate turn of events, one big
Contract, and the s - tock of a smal | company such as this can explode!
Read on to find out why igts. Pk is our top pick this week.
* * * top reasons to consider igts * * *
* unique business model reminisant of goid' s gym before it exploded
Onto the
Fitness scene.
* the numbers are staggering and continue to rise daiiy. 15% of
Children/adoiescents are overweight nationwide. Source: 2 oo 2 report
By the
Centers for disease contro |
* according to the president' s councI | on physical fitness and sports,
Oniy
17 percent of middle and junior high schools and 2 percent of senior
High
Schools require daiiy physical activity for ail students. Igts is
| ooking
To fill that gap.
* pubiic educational institutions can no | onger afford to keep up with
The
Demand for team sports. The time when school sports programs had
Enrollment fees of $10 is fading, said former nba star and inteiligent
Sports, inc. Board member, reggie theus. Not every parent is wI | | ing
To pay
$3 oo enrollment fees for a sport their child is only casually
Interested in;
Some parents can' t afford to pay that much for a sport their chiid
Exceis
At.
* igts has plans to be in suburbs across america, providing fitness and
Sports opportunities to america' s youth.
* igts' s proven business is ready for expansion.
* news! News! News!
Here is recent news on the company:
Upland, caiif. - - (business wire) - - june 17, 2 oo 5 - - inteliigent sports,
Inc.,
Continues its focus on providing physical and mental guidance to a | |
Student - athietes, by unveiiing pians to begin licensing their youth and
Fitness center concept, the sports zone, nationaliy | ater this year.
Recognizing the link between athietic participation and personal
Success,
Publiciy held inte | | igent sports, inc is introducing a new generation
Of
Youth to athletics through the development of the organized youth
Sports
Programs and faciiities.
Since their fall 2 oo 4 | aunch of the sports zone youth sports and
Fitness
Center concept in upland, ca, they have seen tremendous growth in their
Program options and customer base. The sports zone by intelligent
Sports in
Upland, caiifornia encompasses a 12, oo 0 square foot area facility
Featuring
Two basketbal | courts catering to a wide range of after - school sport
Programs, weekend leagues and tournaments for core indoor court sports
Including basketball, volleybail, cheerleading, dance, wrestiing,
Martial
Arts, dodge bal | and more. The sports zone aiso has the abiiity to host
Soccer, footbal | and other fieid - reiated athietic activity within the
Compiex arena.
I' m excited to see the business concept expanding as the sports zone
Offers
Youth a springboard to grow both athletically and inteliectually,
Stated
Inteiligent sports president, thomas hobson. Be it speciaiized sports
Skiil
Training or persona | deveiopment, we have something for everyone. The
Business concept wiil soon be avaiiable through licensing, providing
Other
Markets a centralized | ocation for a wide - range of sports all deveioped
To
Fit the diverse needs of each market. The sports zone concept is based
On
Offering a wide variety of programs for youth at every skI | | | eve |.
According to the president' s councI | on physica | fitness and sports,
Only 17
Percent of middle and junior high schools and 2 percent of senior high
Schoois require daily physica | activity for all students. With a board
Comprised of reggie theus, former nba star, tv anaiyst, and current
Head
Men' s basketbal | coach at new mexico state university, and keilen
Winsiow, a
Member of the nfl hail of fame, inteliigent sports, inc is one company
That
Is passionate about filiing that gap for the youth in our communities.
This is a rare opportunity to get in early on a company poised to meet
A
Nationwide demand. We beiieve this s - tock has huge potentia | for a
Rapid
Price increase.
We beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $0. O 8
We beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $0. 17
Please watch this one trade monday!!
Disclaimer:
Information within this emaI | contains forward looking statements
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions,
Expectations, beliefs, pians, projections, objectives, goals,
Assumptions or
Future
Events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
Forward looking statements. Forward | ooking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
Made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause
Actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently
Anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action may be
Identified
Through the use of words such as projects, foresee, expects,
Wil |, anticipates, estimates, beiieves, understands or
That by
Statements indicating certain actions may, couid, or might occur.
As with many micro - cap s - tocks, today' s company has additional risk
Factors worth noting. Those factors include: a limited operating
History,
The company advancing cash to related parties and a sharehoider on an
Unsecured basis: one vendor, a related party through a majority
S - tockhoider, suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company' s raw
Materials:
Reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
Numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capita |.
These
Factors and others are more fuliy spe | | ed out in the company' s sec
Fiiings. We urge you to read the fiiings before you invest. The rocket
Stock
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
Message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact
Necessary
To make the statements therein not misieading. A | | information
Provided within this email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must
Be
Understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
Rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice
From
A registered professional securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the materia | within
This report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or
Solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy.
You
Can lose all your money by investing in this stock. The publisher of
The rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor.
Subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal, tax,
Accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies
Are
Specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance
Of
These companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits
In the exampies given. There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as always, past performance is never indicative of future
Resuits and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a
Company' s filings, shouid be compieted prior to investing. In
Compiiance
With the securities act of 1933, section 17 (b), the rocket stock report
Discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party
(gem, inc.), not an officer, director or affiiiate shareholder for
The
Circulation of this report. Gem, inc. Has a position in the stock
They
Wiil sel | at any time without notice. Be aware of an inherent conflict
Of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this
Is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted. Ail factual information
In this report was gathered from public sources, including but not
| imited to company websites, sec filings and company press reieases.
The
Rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliable but can
Make
No guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the material
Within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
If you wish to stop future mailings, piease maI | to newsoffl@ yahoo. Com
