Subject: investor here.
From: mr. Richard mayer
Dear friend,
I am mr. Richard mayer, the accountant general of nedbank of south
Africa. I request your co - operation in the transfer of money amounting to
U. S. D. 32 million.
On september 2001, an american pilot, mr. Roy kenob, an american ational
Made a fixed deposit of u. S d 32 million in ned bank of south africa. On
Maturity I sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but gotno
Reply. After a month, I sent a reminder and finally his employers
Wrote to inform us that mr. Kenob died in a plane crash, that he died without
Making a will while our attempt to trace his next of kin through american
Embassy proved fruitless.
When he was making deposition in my bank, he did not declare his next of
Kin in his deposit application form, when I reminded him he said he
Wished it so, in the conservative manner of our bank, I did not turn down
His request rather honor it considering his high net worth. The point is
That his employer are not aware of his deposit with us, therefore I am the
Only person who know about mr. Roy' s deposit of u. S. D 32, 000, 000. 00 which
Is now lying in dormant account portfolio, the whole account relating to
Mr. Kenob' s deposit is also with me.
I am looking forward for a foreigner who will stand in as the next of
Kin to mr. Roy. I have worked out modalities of achieving my aim by
Appointing you as the next of kin to mr. Roy as well as transfer the u. S. D
32, 000, 000. 00 abroad for us to share. I will use an attorney who will represent
You as the beneficiary to execute series a written will and attestament
Of late mr. Roy kenob, in support of your claim including certificate of
Origin of the money, letter of probate which empowers you as the sole trustee/executor
To the estate of mr. Roy kenob. Please note that you will not be required
To sign any transfer document, as the appointed attorney will do all
That.
If you agree to act as the next of kin/beneficiary to enable me
Transfer/convert the money to our own benefit/use. I will give you 30% of
Usd 32 m, 60% will be for me while 10% will be to take care of all unforeseen
Expenses as we may incure in the course of concluding this transaction.
I am urgently waiting for your positive reply on the address below.
Regards,
Mr. Richard mayer
Richardmayer@ walla. Com
