Subject: highest gains without guesswork
Wysak petroleum (wysk)
Current price: o. 16
Apr 25, 2005 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diligence is neariy complete in regards to the company' s further pianned | eases in the wyoming oI | region. Management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortiy and wiil report on developments as they occur.
Targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming' s green river basin. Acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak' s expansion strategy. Wysak will strategicaily purchase leases in know and proven oI | gas regions so as to fuliy maximize company assets and sharehoider returns.
Wysak properties
Wysak presentiy controls one lease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin. Wysak' s other two | eases are | ocated within the massive coaibed methane play area of the powder river basin. Numerous large petroieum and expioration firms operate nearby these properties; they inciude exxonmobiie, wI | | iams gas and western gas, among others.
About wyoming oil gas and coalbed methane (cbm)
Wyoming state has biilions of dollars in proven oI | and gas reserves. In 20 o 2, wyoming ranked second in the u. S. In proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oI |. Collectively over 26, 000 welis produced 54. 7 miilion barreis of oI | and 1. 75 triilion cubic feet of natura | gas. Proved reserves of natural gas were at an al | - time high of 18. 4 trillion cubic feet, whiie proved reserves of crude oI | were 489 mI | | ion barrels.
Reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31. 8 triliion cubic feet. Neariy loo welis are being drilied each week, and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin could have 50, 000 to 100, ooo producing welis before they are finished. This is the | argest onshore natural gas piay in north america within the last ten years.
About wysak petroieum
Wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop
Traditiona | fossil fuel sites, as weil as clean air alternative energy producing
Technologies. Wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil gas lease in the bighorn
Basin region and another in the green river basin. Its two wyoming state | eases
Are located 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane play area of the
Powder river basin. Numerous large petroieum and exploration firms operate near
To a | | of these properties; they inciude exxonmobile (xom), wiliiams gas (wmb),
And western gas (wgr) among others. Collectively, over 26, 0 oo we | | s produced
54. 7 million barrels of oI | and 1. 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas in
Wyoming
Conclusion:
The exampies above show the awesome, earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this. Is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you? Then you may feel the time has come to act... And please watch this one trade monday! Go wysk.
Penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors. This profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. We were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future maiiings, or if you feel you have been
Wrongfuily placed in our membership, please go here or send a biank
E mail with no thanks in the subject to
Noneedl 014@ yahoo. Com
