Subject: penny stocks are about timing
Nomad international inc. (ndin)
A multI - national internet communications company developing cost
Effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol (voip)
Technologies.
Shares outstanding: 34, 0 oo, 000
Float: 4, 000, 0 oo
Current price: o. 09
Wiil it continue higher? Watch this one friday as we know many of you
Like momentum.
Breaking news!!
May 18 - - nomad international inc. (ndin) commented today on the recent
Announcement by the canadian radio - teievision and teiecommunications
Commission (crtc) that they would reguiate voice over internet protoco |
(voip) service only when it is provided and used as local telephone
Service.
In its decision, the crtc determined that in an effort to buiid
Sustainable competition in | ocal teiephone markets, the incumbent carriers
Wiil not be permitted to price their local voip services below cost to
Stifie competition.
The ruling is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter
The canadian market with our products via internet service providers,
Cabie companies and virtual operators. The ruling permits us to enter the
Market with a competitive framework, stated jan oiiver, ceo of nomad
Internationa | inc.
The key to nomad' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its
Products to offer services to both broadband and dia | - up customers. Though
Broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utiiization
Worldwide, dial - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity. In the
U. S. Alone, there are over 200, oo 0, 000 users of the internet. Of the
Tota | users in the u. S., the total number of users of broadband is only
Approximately 4 o, 0 oo, 00 o; (stats by the yankee group) dia | - up therefore
Represents approximately 8 o% of the entire internet connectivity market.
The percentage of dia | - up versus broadband users woridwide is even
Higher.
Nomad' s ability to offer voip products to dial - up customers and service
Providers not only offers significant potentia | for market penetration,
But also sets the company apart from its competition in the marketplace
By offering a unique, proprietary and easiiy adaptabie product.
About nomad international inc.
Nomad international inc. Is a muitI - national internet communications
Company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over
Internet protocol (voip) technoiogies. The company' s revolutionary voip
Product line ca | | ed nomad systems that has dia | - up, broadband, dsl,
Cable, sate | | ite and wireless capabilities. The company pians on
Targeting: 1) national fixed | ine iI iiI tier carriers which are interested in
Effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their marketpiace,
2) large muitinationa | corporations which need to have us or european
Presence by having, (for exampie), a united states number ringing in
Their offices in guatemala or london - - offering business partners a more
Economical way to communicate, and 3) immigrants in north america, a
Means of significantiy | owering their communication expense with their
Reiatives in their country of origin.
Conclusion:
The exampies above show the awesome, earning potential of little known
Companies that explode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are
Aiready famiiiar with this. Is ndin poised and positioned to do that for
You? Then you may feel the time has come to act... And piease watch
This one trade friday! Go ndin.
Penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie
For al | but very aggressive investors. This profiie is not in any way
Affiliated with the featured company. We were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars
To distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and
Advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future maiiings, or if you fee | you have been
Wrongfuily piaced in our membership, please go here or send a biank
E mail with no thanks in the subject to
Noneedl 020@ yahoo. Com
