Subject: re: information is key to stock success
Rocket stocks newsletter
U r g e n t I n v e s t o r a l e r t
Bpet (bnp petroleum corp) is in position to take advantage of the
Current oil crisis. Stock in this company is expected to dramatically
Increase in value in the next 1 - 2 weeks.
Symbol: bpet. Pk
Current price: $0. O 2
Short term target price: $o. 45
12 month target price: $1. 12
News:
London (reuters) - - march 31, 20 o 5 - - oil markets have entered a
` ` super - spike'' period that could see 1970' s - style price surges as high as
$105 a barrel, investment bank goldman sachs said in a research report.
Goldman' s global investment research note also raised the bank' s 20 o 5
And 2006 new york mercantile exchange crude price forecasts to $5 o and
$55 respectively, from $41 and $4 o.
These forecasts sit at the top of a table of predictions from 25
Analysts, consultants and government bodies surveyed by reuters.
` ` we believe oil markets may have entered the early stages of what we
Have referred to as a ` ` super spike'' period - - a multI - year trading
Band of oil prices high enough to meaningfully reduce energy consumption
And recreate a spare capacity cushion only after which will lower energy
Prices return,'' goldman' s analysts wrote.
C o m p a n y o v e r v I e w
Bnp petroleum corporation, inc. Is an irving based oil and gas
Exploration and development (ed) company. Bnp petroleum corporation, inc. Was
Formed for the purpose of development and operation of oil and gas
Properties with proven reserves. The company' s strategy is to focus in
Domestic areas where major oil and gas producing companies have reduced
Their exploration efforts to move offshore and overseas in search of the
Larger reserves. Considerable oil and gas in proven fields remain to be
Exploited by well - managed independent oil companies capable of
Extracting these reserves at lower risk and lower cost than unproved prospects.
Bnp petroleum' s initial development strategy has been to acquire such
Proven fields and increase production through the application of
Advanced technology and the exploration of other proven formations in the same
Fields.
Bnp petroleum corporation' s primary operational strategy includes the
Operation of its own projects, giving it substantial control over
Drilling and production costs. The company has associated with highly
Experienced exploration and development engineering and geology personnel that
Strive to add production at lower costs through development drilling,
Workovers, behind pipe recompletions and secondary recovery operations.
The company' s long - term strategy is to build an oil and gas production
Company through a strategic combination of selected property
Acquisitions and an exploration program. Additionally, the company will continue
To rework existing wells in an attempt to increase production and
Reserves.
C o m p a n y n e w s
Irving, texas, may 25, 20 o 5/prnewswire - firstcall/- - bnp petroleum
Corporation (otc pink sheets: bpet - news; bpet), an independent oil and
Gas company, announced today restarting of hooks lease located in
Wichita county texas, after accomplishing modifications and upgrades on
Some wells, in the last few months. The shallow wells previously had been
Producing oil and water at low rates due to low bottom pressure, which
Is normal for the area. Steadily increasing rates of production for
Hooks lease are expected.
Bnp director, rafael pinedo said today, bnp petroleum will begin
Immediately to restart other leases in our portfolio of properties and
Complete all necessary work to assure that bnp' s properties are in full
Compliance with the regulations of the texas railroad commission and re -
Establish oil production on bnp' s leases over the coming months.
Forward - looking statements: the statements which are not historical
Facts contained in this release are forward - looking statements that
Involve risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, the effect of
Economic conditions, the impact of competition, the results of
Financing efforts, changes in consumers' preferences and trends. The words
Estimate, possible, and seeking and similar expressions identify
Forward - looking statements, which speak only to the date the statement was
Made. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise
Any forward - looking statements, because of new information, future
Events, or otherwise. Future events and actual results may differ
Materially from those set forth herein, contemplated by, or underlying the
Forward - looking statements.
We believe that the speculative near term target price is  $0. 45
We believe that the speculative long term target price is  $1. 12
Even after so many successful picks this year, we feel that this is our
Best pick yet!!!
Please watch this one trade tuesday!
Disclaimer:
Information within this email contains forward looking statements
Within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
Section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that
Express or involve discussions with respect to predictions,
Expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals,
Assumptions or future
Events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
Forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are
Made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
Actual results or events to differ materially from those presently
Anticipated. Forward looking statements in this action may be
Identified
Through the use of words such as projects, foresee, expects,
Will, anticipates, estimates, believes, understands  or
That by
Statements indicating certain actions may, could, or might occur.
As with many micro - cap stocks, today' s company has additional risk
Factors worth noting. Those factors include: a limited operating
History,
The company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an
Unsecured basis: one vendor, a related party through a majority
Stockholder, supplies ninety - seven percent of the company' s raw
Materials:
Reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and
Numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital.
These
Factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company' s sec
Filings. We urge you to read the filings before you invest. The rocket
Stock
Report does not represent that the information contained in this
Message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact
Necessary
To make the statements therein not misleading. All information
Provided within this email pertaining to investing, stocks, securities
Must be
Understood as information provided and not investment advice. The
Rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice
From
A registered professional securities representative before deciding to
Trade in stocks featured within this email. None of the material within
This report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or
Solicitation. Many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy.
You
Can lose all your money by investing in this stock. The publisher of
The rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor.
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax,
Accounting or
Investment advice. Any reference to past performance (s) of companies
Are
Specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance
Of
These companies. You would need perfect timing to achieve the results
In the examples given. There can be no assurance of that happening.
Remember, as always, past performance is never indicative of future
Results and a thorough due diligence effort, including a review of a
Company' s filings, should be completed prior to investing. In
Compliance
With the securities act of 1933, section 17 (b), the rocket stock report
Discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party
(gem, inc.), not an officer, director or affiliate shareholder for
The
Circulation of this report. Gem, inc. Has a position in the stock
They
Will sell at any time without notice. Be aware of an inherent conflict
Of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this
Is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted. All factual information
In this report was gathered from public sources, including but not
Limited to company websites, sec filings and company press releases.
The
Rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can
Make
No guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Use of the material
Within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms.
If you wish to stop future mailings, please mail to news _ letl 2@ yahoo. Com
