Subject: new emerging growth stock
Nomad international inc. (ndin)
A multI - national internet communications company developing cost
Effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol (voip)
Technologies.
Shares outstanding: 34, oo 0, ooo
Float: 4, 00 o, ooo
Current price: o. 08
Will it continue higher? Watch this one monday as we know many of you
Like momentum.
Breaking news!!
May 25, 20 o 5! V nomad international inc. (ndin) announced today it has
Entered into a letter of intent to provide an exclusive license to its
Voip products with lmb technologies inc. For the caribbean market which
Includes bermuda.
The terms of the letter of intent include a 20% royalty payable to
Nomad of the gross revenue generated by lmb technologies inc. Of any sales
And other revenue generated from the license. Additional consideration
Payable to nomad includes 20% of the common stock of lmb technologies
Inc. Which will seek a public listing of its common shares in the u. S
Market as soon as practicably possible.
The acquisition of the license is subject to the parties entering into
A definitive agreement and to both the due diligence and board
Approvals of lmb technologies inc. And nomad international inc.
Pursuant to the proposed acquisition, on closing, lmb technologies inc.
Would pay 2 o% of its common stock to nomad international inc. As
Consideration payable for the license and would agree to pay 20% of the gross
Revenues generated from any activities related to the license exclusive
To the caribbean market.
!' the caribbean market is one in which our technology has the
Opportunity to potentially gain market share through our ability to provide voip
Services over dial up networks. We are please with the distribution
Relationships of lmb technologies inc. And hope to see our products in the
Caribbean market commercially in the short term.! (, stated jan olivier,
Ceo and chairman of nomad international inc.
May 18 - nomad international inc. (ndin) commented today on the recent
Announcement by the canadian radio - television and telecommunications
Commission (crtc) that they would regulate voice over internet protocol
(voip) service only when it is provided and used as local telephone
Service.
In its decision, the crtc determined that in an effort to build
Sustainable competition in local telephone markets, the incumbent carriers
Will not be permitted to price their local voip services below cost to
Stifle competition.
The ruling is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter
The canadian market with our products via internet service providers,
Cable companies and virtual operators. The ruling permits us to enter the
Market with a competitive framework, stated jan oliver, ceo of nomad
International inc.
The key to nomad' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its
Products to offer services to both broadband and dial - up customers. Though
Broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utilization
Worldwide, dial - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity. In the
U. S. Alone, there are over 20 o, ooo, 0 oo users of the internet. Of the
Total users in the u. S., the total number of users of broadband is only
Approximately 40, oo 0, 000; (stats by the yankee group) dial - up therefore
Represents approximately 8 o% of the entire internet connectivity market.
The percentage of dial - up versus broadband users worldwide is even
Higher.
Nomad' s ability to offer voip products to dial - up customers and service
Providers not only offers significant potential for market penetration,
But also sets the company apart from its competition in the marketplace
By offering a unique, proprietary and easily adaptable product.
About nomad international inc.
Nomad international inc. Is a multI - national internet communications
Company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over
Internet protocol (voip) technologies. The company' s revolutionary voip
Product line called nomad systems that has dial - up, broadband, dsl,
Cable, satellite and wireless capabilities. The company plans on
Targeting: 1) national fixed line iI iiI tier carriers which are interested in
Effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their marketplace,
2) large multinational corporations which need to have us or european
Presence by having, (for example), a united states number ringing in
Their offices in guatemala or london - - offering business partners a more
Economical way to communicate, and 3) immigrants in north america, a
Means of significantly lowering their communication expense with their
Relatives in their country of origin.
Conclusion:
The examples above show the awesome, earning potential of little known
Companies that explode onto investor' s radar screens; many of you are
Already familiar with this. Is ndin poised and positioned to do that for
You? Then you may feel the time has come to act... And please watch
This one trade monday! Go ndin.
Penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable
For all but very aggressive investors. This profile is not in any way
Affiliated with the featured company. We were compensated 30 oo dollars
To distribute this report. This report is for entertainment and
Advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice.
If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been
Wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with no thanks in
The sub ject to ournewsletter 24@ yahoo. Com
