Subject: us hot sto - cks
Structure technology report
May 10 th, 2005 - - for immediate release
Investors and traders:
Pinnacle group limited, inc. (pgpu) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc.
Aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technology company focused on the development
Commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the worid market.
In today' s market, aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and little competition.
Symbol: pgpu. Pk
Current price: 0. 64
Short term target price: $2. 25
12 month target price: $5. 25
Pinnaclegli. Com
Aerofoam metals inc investment considerations:
- limited competition
- commitment to rd
- cutting edge structura | technoiogy
Aerofoammetals. Com
Press release - - may loth, 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
The company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam
Metais incorporated (aerofoam) have reached an agreement in principle. The parties have entered into
A binding letter of intent, whereby, pinnacle wI | | acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of
Aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle. The number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
Aerofoam upon this acquisition wI | | be 3, 5 oo, ooo common shares. The major sharehoider of aerofoam who
Beneficialiy owns 56% of al | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
In favor of this acquisition. The parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement
Immediateiy and to hoid a specia | shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing
This letter of intent.
Pinnacle group ltd profiie:
Pinnacle group is a u. S. Based holding company, traded on the pinksheets. Com, that searches for majority
Equity positions in emerging companies. Pinnacle group ltd offers skiiled entrepreneurs, managers and ceos the option of
Achieving their goals as part of a larger organization. The company provides capital and management
Assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into pubiicly traded companies.
The company works cioseiy with the management of companies that it acquires, using tried and proven methods
To expand the business, who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals.
The company has great short term specuiative potentia | as
Well as the potential for long term growth.
We beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $2. 25
We believe the speculative long term target price is - $5. 25
This is why pgpu might be the next hot pick!
Piease follow this one trade friday!
Nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personaiized investment
Advice. Although our employees may answer your genera | customer
Service questions, they are not licensed under securities | aws to
Address your particular investment situation. No communication by our
Empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personalized investment advice.
We expressiy forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in
Any security recommended to our readers. Ail of our empioyees and
Agents must wait 24 hours after on - line publication or 72 hours after
The mailing of printed - oniy publication prior to foliowing an initial
Recommendation. Any investments recommended in this | etter shouid be
Made only after consuiting with your investment advisor and only after
Reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company.
To cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues, repiy piease to: no _ morenewsletters 4@ yahoo. Com
(c) 2 oo 5 investment newsietter a | | rights reserved
