Subject: smallcap cribsheet
Investor alert - immediate release - investor alert
Breakout forecast tuesday july 19, 2005
!!! Ready to run!!! [running now!!!]!!! Big winner!!!
China world trade corp. Cwtd china world trade corp.
Current price: $2. 31
Projection 5 to 7 days: $4. 50 - $5. 00
Projection 12 to 18 days: $6. 00 - $8. 00
See company president john huI interview with cnn asia
Also look for new cnn interview re: tremendous 12 month company growth
Completed!!!! Forward plan to dominate china' s travel industry. (a chinese
Expedia. Com)
China world trade outbid ctrp on acquisition of new generation
Southern china' s largest travel company.
Chairman tsang, formerly of gold lion holdings has taken the reins of cwtd
And continuing his record for success. Cwtd is here to stay. Read the news
China world trade corporation establishes international business center
To further enhance business services division
Monday
Guangzhou, china, july/xinhua - prnewswire - firstcall/- - china world trade
Corporation (otc bulletin board: cwtd - news) announced today that the
International business center (ibc) has commenced operations on july 1 which
Will support the international communication needed between the company' s
Corporate clients and members. Additionally, ibc will assist in serving
China world trade corporation' s premier club members with business travel
And other various corporate services. Ibc aims to build up a strong platform
And play an important role in integrating the business resources of the
Company' s ceo clubs and world trade center clubs and to utilize new
Generation' s extensive travel network and operating system. Ibc will also
Help china world trade corporation enhance services available to the
Company' s clients with more comprehensive products such as the arrangement
Of international business tours, destination intelligence, immigration, and
Overseas investment consulting services.
Ibc is a bridge linking china world trade and ceo clubs to penetrate the
Business services market in china, said mr. William tsang, president and
Chairman of china world trade corporation. We are confident that we will
Become one of the pioneers in the business services industry in china. We
Expect ibc to generate a new stream of revenue, from the amalgamation of our
Tailor - made services in areas such as business consulting, immigration and
Investments for our premium clients.
Stoc: k is ready to rock!!!!
Company has already facilitated the money it need' s to continue it' s rapid
Grow!!!!
Disclaimer:
Information within this email contains forwardlooking statements within
The meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of
The securities exchange act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve
Discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs,
Plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions or future events or
Performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward
Looking statements. Forward looking statements are based on
Expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
That involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual
Results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated.
Forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use
Of words such as projects, foresee, expects, will, anticipates,
Estimates, believes, understands or that by statements indicating
Certain actions may, could, or might occur. Risk factors include
General economic and business conditions, the ability to acquire and develop
Specific projects, the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer
And business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has
Little or no control. The publisher of this newsletter does not represent
That the information contained in this message states all material facts or
Does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not
Misleading. All information provided within this email pertaining to
Investing, stoc: ks, securities must be understood as information provided and
Not investment advice. The publisher of this newsletter advises all readers
And subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities
Representative before deciding to trade in stoc: ks featured within this
Email. None of the material within this report shall be construed as any
Kind of investment advice or solicitation. Many of these companies are on
The verge of bankruptcy. You can lose all your money by investing in this
Stoc: k. We urge you to read the company' s sec filings now, before you invest.
The publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor.
Subscribers should not view information herein as legal, tax, accounting or
Investment advice. In compliance with the securitiesact of 1933, section
17 (b), the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred
Thousand free trading shares from a third party, not an officer, director or
Affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report. Be aware of an
Inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the
Fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias. The party
That paid us has a position in the stoc: k they will sell at anytime without
Notice. This could have a negative impact on the price of the stoc: k, causing
You to lose money. All factual information in this report was gathered from
Public sources, including but not limited to sec filings, company websites
And company press releases. The publisher of this newsletter believes this
Information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or
Completeness. Use of the material within this email constitutes your
Acceptance of these terms.
