Subject: do you love low - pricedstocks, apwl - pk _ reamer
Hello sandison
Apwl is a gold mine - it is at it' s 52 week low at
The moment and this is our hot pick this week, it
Can easily go up to $1. 25 very fast here is the
Latest news below. Don' t miss out on this one get
It asap for huge profits like our other picks which
Return 300 to 750% every week, don' t miss this one!
Symbol: apwl. Pk
Current _ price:. 32
Target _ price - 1. 50
52 - wk high: 2. 25
52 - wk low:. 32
Advanced powerline technologies announces plans
To launch a manufacturer direct to consumer web
Site wednesday july 20, 10: 05 am et
Woodward, okla. - - (business wire) - - july 20, 2005
Advanced powerline technologies, inc., (apwl. Pk -
News) announced today that it plans to launch a
New web site for direct manufacturer to consumer
Sales of its power line communications (plc)
Compatible lcd high definition digital televisions
(hdtv) and other power line communications (plc)
Devices. Through this new web site, consumers will
Be able to place orders for state of the art high
Tech lcd high definition digital televisions (hdtv)
Direct from the american manufacturer, advanced
Powerline technologies, inc., in woodward, oklahoma,
To be delivered in time for christmas.
Advanced powerline technologies, inc.' s, power line
Communications (plc) compatible state of the art high
Tech lcd high definition digital televisions (hdtv)
Will be the first of its kind to be engineered to meet
The new fcc regulations regarding broadband over power
Line (bpl) and power line communications (plc) devices.
The company anticipates sales of its lcd high definition
Digital televisions (hdtv) to reach twenty thousand
(20, 000) units per month once the web site is launched.
Apwl' s lcd high definition digital televisions (hdtv)
Will be assembled in the company' s plant in oklahoma,
Giving the consumer the opportunity to purchase state
Of the art high tech lcd high definition digital
Televisions (hdtv) assembled in the united states at
A competitive price to foreign made products.
Advanced powerline technologies is working hard to put
Americans back to work in the high tech consumer
Electronics industry. The company believes that
Providing the american consumer the opportunity to
Purchase state of the art high tech lcd high definition
Digital televisions (hdtv) assembled by americans, for
Americans, in the united states at a competitive price
To foreign made products is the best way to create jobs
In america and do our part to help create a thriving
American economy.
Advanced powerline technologies wants to express its
Sincere gratitude and appreciation to lavern phillips,
President of the woodward industrial foundation, the
Woodward industrial foundation with all its members,
The woodward, oklahoma chamber of commerce, the city
And county of woodward, oklahoma, the governor and
Lieutenant governor of oklahoma, the state of oklahoma,
And other united states federal entities and the
Governments of taiwan and mainland china, along with
All the numerous private individuals and investors
That have helped bring advanced powerline technologies,
Inc., to this point. The unwavering and continued support
Of all these entities and individuals has made it possible
For advanced powerline technologies, inc., to emerge as
A world leader in power line communications (plc)
Compatible state of the art high tech lcd high definition
Digital televisions (hdtv), mobile phones and other
Power line communications (plc) compatible devices
And services.
Apwl' s principal business focus is to create and develop
Broadband over power line (bpl) and power line
Communications (plc) friendly devices, products and
Services. The company' s principal products at this time
Are cellular phones and liquid crystal display (lcd)
Digital televisions with high definition tuners (hdtv).
The company intends on marketing the sales of cellular
Phones and high definition digital televisions (hdtv)
Internationally and domestically. Upon the completion
Of research, development, and the verification of test
Results of the company' s broadband over power line (bpl)
And power line communications (plc) devices, the company
Intends to utilize the technology within the existing
Product platforms to enhance their capabilities. The
Company' s main products will become broadband over power
Line (bpl) and power line communications (plc) friendly
Devices with the company' s related hardware and system
Service.
Daintily
Blueing january
