Subject: a better way is at handheldmed. Com
A new day has dawned. There is a better way!
Introducing the new handheldmed website!
Www. Handheldmed. Com
Whether you are a new customer or an old customer, we redesigned our new website with you in mind!
Some of the new features you will find include:
1. Enhanced customer education
A. 3 easy steps to become a handheldmed member.
B. Answers to common questions like' what are ebooks?' what is the hhm mobipocket reader?' and' how do I get started?'.
C. Online tours of handheldmed ebooks and the hhm mobipocket reader as they appear on palm, pocket pc, sony ericsson, symbian, and windows pc. See how it works before you even download a free trial.
2. Improved site navigation
A. Browse medical ebooks by operating system - palm os, pocket pc, sony ericsson, symbian, windows mobile, and windows pc.
B. New ebook store front page for each operating system.
3. Seamless download, installation, and registration on windows pc and mac os
A. Tutorials guide you through the download, installation, and registration process step by step whether you' re downloading a free trial or a purchased ebook.
1. Quicknav functionality allows users familiar with the process to skip steps.
B. Register once and only once regardless of how many ebooks you purchase.
4. Re - engineered on - line support structure
A. New" ask technical support" form collects important information about your problem quickly and easily, providing you with more efficient support.
5. Shopping cart secured by verisign.
E - book conversion to mobipocket
Handheldmed is also finishing up the conversion of our existing reference library from the ez reader format to the new standard in ebook platforms: mobipocket reader.
Note: as of january 1, 2006, handheldmed will no longer support the ez reader platform. Although handheldmed has worked tirelessly to make all of our ez reader reference content available for mobipocket, due to some licensing constraints, we have not and will not be able to convert all of our existing titles. Watch for more information on which of these titles this will affect.
New titles coming out soon include:
Tabers 20 th ed. August 10, 2005
Harrisons manual of medicine 16 th ed. September 1, 2005
The merck vet manual 8 th ed. September 10, 2005
30% off sale on top ten titles!!!
To celebrate our new website and web customer experience we are taking 30% off all of our top 10 selling references for 30 days only!
These include:
Tabers 20 (when available)
A to z
Drug facts
5 minute clinical consult 05
5 minute emergency consult
5 minute pediatric consult
Merck manual
Nqcd
Hodt
5 minute infectious disease
Cvmstat
If you are a previous owner of an ez reader version of one of these books, you are eligible for even greater discounts. Each of the titles that have been converted from ez reader to mobipocket (eligible titles are highlighted in red above) conversion price is only $25!! Check it out today! (conversion price applies to same version only)
Patient tracker is back, and better than ever!
Is your practice or organization looking for a low cost, integrated, robust, easy to use patient charting application for your desktop, network or handheld devices?
Look no further!
Patient tracker t is back and better than ever!
In april, 2005 shatalmic, llc signed an exclusive agreement with handheldmedr, inc. To take over development, sales and support for the patient trackerr line of products. With extensive experience in the hand held and desktop markets, shatalmic is the perfect partner with handheldmedr to develop new features and functionality for the patient tracker product family.
New features and updates for the patient tracker suite include;
- updates and bug fixes for palm os version; addresses most compatibility issues with newer devices.
- new installer for pocketpc that works on newer devices enabling syncing to desktop
- new installer for desktop pro soon to be released that will include updated microsoft sql server installation.
Product pricing:
Patient tracker handheld (palm os, pocketpc or windowsmobile) - $9. 95
Patient tracker desktop (pro or lite) - $299. 00, additional licenses $199. 00 each.
Call tony pitman today!@ (801) 336 - 4712 or email tony@ shatalmic. Com.
Special group and institution volume pricing is available.
If you want more information about patient tracker when new updates and features are available, please click here to be added to the patient tracker specific mailing list. Shatalmic assures you that you will not receive spam email only patient tracker specific information. They do not sell your email address to anyone. They are very serious about privacy and this is totally an opt in mailing service.
By signing up for email updates, you will be added to a list of users that will have the chance to participate in the patient tracker 2005 survey. This survey will help shape the future direction of patient tracker by the answers that users/customers give.
About shatalmic llc.
Shatalmic, llc is a privately - held, software developer founded company headquartered in layton, utah. Since 1977, we have been working in the computer industry. Shatalmic was formed in 1995 and was recently incorporated as an llc in 2004.
Groups institutions
For group or institutional volume discount pricing or any questions about the new features and functionality of these new handheldmed editions:
Please contact susan jones: susanj@ handheldmed. Com
Every possible effort is made to send only to those on our subscriber list.
If you received this message in error, please accept our apologies and select the following link
Immediately unsubscribe
If that link fails, send an email to unsubscribe@ handheldmed. Com
