Subject: road - show. Com q 4 i. Com choose enron to deliver financial web content
Houston ) enron broadband services (ebs), a wholly owned subsidiary of enron
Corp. And a leader in the delivery of high - bandwidth application services,
Announced today content delivery contracts with road - show. Com, an online
Resource for individual investors, and q 4 i. Com, a financial services provider
Offering an online broker resource called brokeriq. The two financial
Services companies will use enron , s epowered  v market cast and the enron
Intelligent network  v (ein) to enhance the quality and speed of content
Delivery to their investors. Enron , s solution provides tv - quality streaming
Video with delivery speeds up to 50 times faster than the public internet.
 & these agreements reflect the financial services industry , s need for better
And faster delivery of online content,  8 said joe hirko, co - ceo of enron
Broadband services.  & the enron intelligent network allows visionary
Companies like road - show. Com and q 4 i. Com to serve their customers with video
To the desktop that has unparalleled speed, clarity and quality.  8
Road - show. Com is a fully integrated producer of online streaming media. The
Company , s xvenue  v platform offers clients a turn - key solution for
Personalized live or on - demand webcast communications. Road - show. Com broadly
Streams the presentations that companies typically give on road shows prior
To an initial public offering to audiences that include individual and
Professional investors.
 & the enron intelligent network and market cast technology will allow
Road - show. Com to offer our customers something they have never had access to
Before ) real - time company presentations and one of the fastest, richest
Viewing experiences possible. This will enhance their ability to make fully
Educated investment decisions,  8 said trey fecteau, president of
Road - show. Com.
Q 4 i. Com provides  & one - stop  8 advanced technology solutions for financial
Services companies and their clients. With its flagship product, brokeriq  v,
Professional brokers and their firms have a complete broker management system
At their fingertips. Q 4 i. Com will utilize ebs to distribute financial video
Clips to clients via its brokercity  v product. In addition, enron will
Deliver q 4 i. Com , s live and on - demand streaming video clips of golf resorts,
Golf courses, golf real estate, equipment and golf travel for internet users
Around the world through golftv  v, q 4 i. Com , s online video network.
 & our clients now have streaming video features available on their desktops
Via enron , s network,  8 said j. Frederic storaska, chairman and co - ceo of
Q 4 i. Com.  & they not only will enjoy on - demand streaming video of financial
And golf information, but they , ll have the opportunity to take advantage of
Special vacation and equipment offers reserved exclusively for our
Broker - dealers.  8
Enron , s epowered market cast solution
Epowered market cast, an application of the enron intelligent network, is an
End - to - end streaming media solution for banks, brokerages and other financial
Services firms. Using epowered market cast, companies can enhance investor
Relations, conduct virtual road shows and stream analyst presentations from
Their websites. In addition, epowered market cast is a powerful intranet
Solution for providing real - time financial news, data feeds, training and
Presentations to an internal audience. The application streams video at an
Average bit - rate speed of 200 kilobits per second (kbps).
The enron intelligent network is based on distributed server architecture, a
Pure internet protocol (ip) platform and embedded software intelligence that
Sets it apart from other networks. The ein , s enhanced performance is due to
Its ability to deliver streaming media content  & one hop  8 away from the user
At the closest ein edge server. The result is a tv - quality viewing
Experience for the user. In contrast, the public internet , s ability to
Deliver the broadband content businesses need is often hampered by packet
Loss, interference and other disruptions that slow down transmission speed
And compromise the end user , s experience.
About enron broadband services
Enron broadband services, formerly enron communications, inc., is a leading
Provider of high quality, broadband internet content and applications. The
Company , s business model combines the power of the enron intelligent network,
Enron , s broadband operating system, bandwidth trading and intermediation
Services, and high - bandwidth applications, to fundamentally improve the
Experience and functionality of the internet. Enron introduces its broadband
Operating system to allow application developers to dynamically provision
Bandwidth on demand for the end - to - end quality of service necessary to
Deliver broadband content. Enron is also creating a market for bandwidth
That will allow network providers to scale to meet the demands that
Increasingly complex applications require. A wholly owned subsidiary of
Enron corp. (nyse: ene), enron broadband services can be found on the web at
Www. Enron. Net.
About enron
Enron is one of the world , s leading electricity, natural gas and
Communications companies. The company, which owns approximately $34 billion
In energy and communications assets, produces electricity and natural gas,
Develops, constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide, delivers
Physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers
Around the world, and is developing an intelligent network platform to
Facilitate online business. Enron , s internet address is www. Enron. Com. The
Stock is traded under the ticker symbol,  & ene.  8