Subject: enron and chase manhattan bank sign long - term energy management
Agreement
Houston and new york ) enron energy services, a subsidiary of enron corp.,
And the chase manhattan corporation (nyse: cmb) announced today a ten - year,
$750 million energy management agreement. Enron will provide energy
Management services for 860 of chase , s facilities nationwide, including
Office buildings, retail branches and operations centers.
As part of this agreement, enron will provide commodity management, including
Analysis and consolidation of approximately 30, 000 annual utility invoices
Currently processed through multiple operating groups, as well as overall
Project management for energy infrastructure upgrades, designed to make
Material improvements in the energy efficiency of many chase facilities.
" chase has taken a leadership position among financial institutions by
Recognizing the financial and administrative benefits of working with enron
To consolidate its energy management processes,  8 said lou pai, ceo of enron
Energy services.  & our agreement effectively takes chase out of the energy
Management business and enables them to focus more time and resources on
Growing their successful financial services business."
 & this transaction is another great example of chase , s discipline and
Initiative in creating significant value for our shareholders,  8 said liz
Flynn, head of chase business services.  & it again demonstrates the
Effectiveness of chase business services, a shared services organization
Created to improve service and lower costs for all of chase , s operating
Groups.  8
The chase manhattan corporation, with $406 billion in assets, is one of the
World , s premier financial services institutions, with operations in 48
Countries around the globe. Chase has a top - tier ranking in all areas of
Investment banking, private banking, trading and global markets activities as
Well as information and transaction processing. Chase is a leading provider
Of financial solutions to large corporations, financial institutions,
Government entities, middle market firms, small businesses and individuals,
And has relationships with more than 30 million consumers across the united
States through products and services such as credit cards, mortgages, online
Banking, debit cards, deposit products and auto loans. Through its newly
Formed business unit, chase. Com, chase is successfully creating new business
Models for the internet economy. Chase can be reached on the web at
Www. Chase. Com.
Enron is one of the world , s leading electricity, natural gas and
Communications companies. The company, which owns approximately $34 billion
In energy and communications assets, produces electricity and natural gas,
Develops, constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide, delivers
Physical commodities and financial and risk management services to customers
Around the world, and is developing an intelligent network platform to
Facilitate online business. Enron , s internet address is www. Enron. Com, and
The stock is traded under the ticker symbol  & ene.  8