Subject: energy operations promotions
I am pleased to announce the following promotions effective february 1 within
Ena energy operations. These individuals have been promoted in recognition
Of their outstanding performance and their contributions to the continuing
Success of enron north america. Please join me in congratulating these
Employees on their promotions.
Promotions to senior director
Kristin albrecht serves as business controller for ena , s power business.
Along with leslie reeves, kristin ensures that power transactions are handled
Accurately and smoothly from beginning to end. Kristin , s primary focus is on
Risk controls and daily reporting of positions and p & l for east power
Trading, west power trading and genco operations.
Brenda herod serves as business controller for ena , s assets business, working
With the gas assets group and the texas trading desk. Her responsibilities
Include global contracts and facilities, risk management, confirmations, gas
Scheduling, volume management, settlements and regulatory compliance for
Houston pipeline, lrc and enron midstream services.
Leslie reeves is a business controller for ena , s power business, working
Closely with kristin albrecht in managing mid and back office support for the
East, west and genco power trading groups. Her primary responsibilities are
Documentation and settlements, with a focus on contract administration, cash
Forecasting and cash management.
Mary solmonson leads ena , s global database management group, collecting and
Validating information on our customers, contracts, pipelines and facilities,
As well as published prices. These activities support overall energy
Operations responsibilities from risk to logistics to settlement. In
Addition, mary has been instrumental in the promotion and implementation of
The global systems across enron to provide control, consistency, and common
Data throughout the organization.
Promotions to director
Scott pleus serves as business controller for enron , s emerging products.
These businesses include bandwidth, pulp and paper, and weather. His primary
Responsibilities include day - to - day functions of risk management,
Confirmations, pulp and paper scheduling, and settlements as well as long
Term system development.
SherI thomas led ena , s natural gas off - system settlements function throughout
1999. Her responsibilities included cash forecasting, collections, and
Accountability for receivables and payables for ena , s gas business in the
East, west and central regions of the us. SherI accepted a new assignment in
January 2000 and is now managing the enron online operations.
Promotions to manager
Bennett kaufman manages the risk management administration function for the
Equity trading and debt trading groups. He has also had experience in
Supporting the options book for natural gas derivatives trading. Prior to
Joining enron in early 1998, bennett worked in trading operations for
Investment banking firms in new york.
Richard mckeel is the systems integration analyst within global database
Management, overseeing the change management process and new software
Development needed to interface the global applications with strategic
Systems ) sitara, unify, enpower, solarc, sap, and enrononline.
Other promotions
Specialist to senior specialist: analyst to specialist:
Sylvia campos ) deal compliance contract records tara eslick ) financial
Trading risk management
Kam keiser ) gas risk management - central desk victoria versen ) gas
Logistics - east desk
Phillip love ) risk controls operational analysis
Jeff coats ) gas risk management - central desk
Monica lande ) west power risk management (portland) senior clerk to staff:
Trang le ) strategic operations ) project unify
John postlewaite ) east power risk management anthony campos ) deal
Compliance contract records
Diane seib ) documentation (calgary) korI loibl ) gas risk management -
Financial books
Donnie vinson ) west power risk management (portland)
Imelda frayre ) strategic operations - project sitara
Clerk to senior clerk:
Staff to specialist:
Leslie smith ) information & records management
Amy degeyter ) power documentation melinda whalen ) documentation (calgary)
Michael nguyen ) emerging products risk management
Sherlyn schumack ) logistics volume management
Karie hastings ) strategic operations - project sitara
In addition, peggy hedstrom and brent price were promoted to vice president,
As announced in the memo issued by enron corp. Office of the chairman. Peggy
Leads energy operations for enron canada, with responsibility for risk
Management, documentation and gas logistics. Peggy also serves as a key
Interface with canadian pipelines as a member of several industry
Committees. Brent is the senior business controller for gas trading
Operations in the u. S. His responsibilities include risk management,
Confirmations, volume management and settlements for the east, west and
Central regions. He also provides operational expertise in the due diligence
Phase of the evaluations of joint ventures and acquisitions.