Subject: fyI - new product on eol
Just so everyone is on the same page:
Based on jennifer and dale' s discussions with eric bass, a new" tokenized
Period" will be set up in eol. The intent of this period (quick overview) is
To allow for gas flow monday through friday and no flow on the weekends.
This will generally be traded for in full month or rest of the month
Increments.
It is my understanding the although the trade can be conveyed correctly to
The customer and priced accordingly using eol, the trade itself (with
Multiple monday - friday, no flow during weekend periods) cannot be handled
Internally by eol. Just as eol is not able to handle this trade, the sitara
Bridge from eol cannot handle this trade. Because of this, there should be
Heighten attention by trade capture given to the eol bridge monitor. These
Trades will error out and will have to be entered manually.
An effort needs to be evaluated and prioritized by both applications (eol and
Sitara) on how a deal with multI - periods can flow without human
Intervention. This has not been started. In the meantime, a deal of this
Nature will have to be entered manually.
How do I know that a particular deal has multI - period flow? Once the eol
Product has been set up, jennifer and/or dale will let all involved know.
The person (s) responsible for entering the deal will have to understand what
Is meant by the eol product' s delivery period and enter the deal
Accordingly.
For example, assume that a deal has been traded for april:
Four delivery periods (separate lines) should be included in the sitara
Ticket
Start: 04/03 stop: 04/07
04/10 04/14
04/17 04/21
04/24 04/28
Each delivery period (line) should have the same pricing
Remember to enter the eol deal number when creating the sitara trade.
Also remember that paths created in unify assume the stop date is open
Ended. Every effort needs to be made to make sure the appropriate end date
Is on the path; otherwise
The number of reconciling items will increase.
Please forward this information to anyone else you think might be impacted.
Any concerns, please contact sherI thomas or myself.
Srm (x 33548)