Subject: procedure for adding new capacity tickets for multI - desk service
Utilization - revised
Revision in bold. Pass on to any who may need this.
In order to provide the ability to track transport expense by desk, sitara
Was modified to allow multiple transport capacity tickets for the same
Service contract provided that they are for different desks and only one is
Tagged as" primary". Here is the procedure for setting up new capacity
Tickets to reflect the" other" desks:
A. You will probably first notice this via a warning/error message in path
Manager when building a new path. The message will read something like
" source/destination 123456 for desk imct does not match service contract 3434
And will be removed."
B. Make note of the deal number in the service list of the service contract
That you were using in the new path.
C. Open that transport capacity deal in sitara. Then hit copy.
D. On the new deal:
Change the buyer from the old desk to the new desk that matches the supply
Or market deal that you are pathing with. If it a deal for which we are
Agent, then don' t change the buyer but instead change the agent to the new
Desk. The" primary" deal will carry the actual agent. The agent
Contract will get cleared. Re - select the agent contract.
Changing the buyer causes the contract field to get blanked out. Re - select
The pipeline contract.
Just above the various exchange line items is a primary deal check box.
Un - check it.
On each exchange line item, change the mdq to zero and for any negotiated
Rates, uncheck them as well. The" primary" deal will carry the mdq and
Any negotiated demand, commodity or fuel.
Hit release.
E. You may need to re - retrieve path manager. You should see the deal number
In the service list now read" multiple". Right - click/service deals will list
The specific deals.
F. Re - build the path as you originally desired. The warning/error message
Should not appear again.
This could occur for any combination of desk and service contract.
Please file this in your" call dave if I can' t find this" folder.
Thanks, d. N.