Subject: fw: men & cars
Because i' m a man, when I lock my keys in the car I will
Fiddle with a wire clothes hanger and ignore your
Suggestions that we call a road service until long after
Hypothermia has set in.
Because i' m a man, when the car isn' t running very well,
I will pop the hood and stare at the engine as if I know what
I' m looking at. If another man shows up, one of us will say
To the other," I used to be able to fix these things, but now
With all these computers and everything, I wouldn' t know
Where to start."
Because i' m a man, when I catch a cold I need someone to
Bring me soup and take care of me while I lie in bed and moan.
You never get as sick as I do, so for you this isn' t an issue.
Because i' m a man, I can be relied upon to purchase basic
Groceries at the store, like milk or bread. I cannot be expected
To find exotic items like" cumin" or" tofu" or" cardamom."
For all I know these are all the same thing.
Because i' m a man, when one of our appliances stops working
I will insist on taking it apart, despite evidence that this will just
Cost me twice as much once the repair person gets here and
Has to put it back together.
Because i' m a man, I must hold the television remote control
In my hand while I watch tv. If the thing has been misplaced,
I may miss a whole show looking for it (though one time I was
Able to survive by holding a calculator).
Because i' m a man, I don' t think we' re all that lost, and no, i
Don' t think we should stop and ask someone. Why would
You listen to a complete stranger - - I mean, how could he
Know where we' re going?
Because i' m a man, I do not want to visit your mother,
Or have your mother come visit us, or talk to her when she
Calls, or think about her any more than I have to.
Whatever you got her for mother' s day is okay, I don' t
Need to see it. And don' t forget to pick up something for
My mom, too!
Because i' m a man, you don' t have to ask me if I liked the
Movie. Chances are, if you' re crying at the end of it, I didn' t.
Because i' m a man, yes, I have to turn up the radio when
Bruce springsteen or the doors comes on, and then,
Yes, I have to tell you every single time about how bruce
Had his picture on the cover of time and newsweek the
Same day, or how jim morrison is buried in paris and
Everyone visits his grave. Please do not behave as if you
Do not find this fascinating.
Because i' m a man, I think what you' re wearing is fine.
I thought what you were wearing five minutes ago was fine,
Too. Either pair of shoes is fine. With the belt or without it
Looks fine. Your hair is fine. You look fine.
Can we just go now?
Because i' m a man, and this is, after all, the 2000' s, I will
Share equally in the housework. You just do the laundry,
The cooking, the gardening, the cleaning, and the dishes. I' ll
Do the rest.