Subject: enron net works
It is becoming increasingly clear that the development of ecommerce will have
A significant and continuing impact on the conduct of business in a broad
Array of industries. Through enrononline, enron has quickly become a major
Catalyst for the transition to the web in the gas and electric industries.
Enrononline has been an enormous success since its launch. Since launch, we
Have completed 67, 043 transactions on line, with a total dollar value of over
$25 billion. Enrononline is now the largest ecommerce site in the world.
We believe that the competitive success of enrononline is due to one very
Specific reason. In addition to providing a web - based platform for
Transactions, enron acts as principal to provide direct liquidity to the
Site. We stand ready at all times, in any market conditions, to buy and sell
At the posted price. This converts a  & bulletin board  8 (the more typical
Ecommerce concept) into a true market. There are very few, if any,
Competitors that can provide this capability.
We are increasingly convinced that this competitive advantage can be
Dramatically expanded to other products and other geographies. If we are
Correct, this could provide an enormous new opportunity for growth for enron.
Accordingly, we are initiating a major new effort to capture this
Opportunity. Effective today we are creating a new business, enron net
Works, to pursue new market development opportunities in ecommerce across a
Broad range of industries. It is likely that this business will ultimately
Be our fifth business segment, joining transmission mike
Mcconnell, chief operating officer; and jeff mcmahon, chief commercial
Officer. These individuals will comprise the office of the chairman for
Enron net works and remain on the executive committee of enron corp.
Replacing greg whalley as president and chief operating officer of enron
North america is dave delainey, who will also join enron , s executive
Committee.
Global technology will remain intact but will now be a part of enron net
Works. It will maintain all of the same businesses and services as it did as
An enron global function. Philippe bibI will remain the chief technology
Officer for all of enron corp. And continues to be responsible for the
Development of worldwide technology standards and platforms.
Enrononline, headed by louise kitchen, will also remain intact and will now
Be a part of enron net works. The success of enrononline enables us to
Utilize this site as a model as we explore other markets. In addition, the
Following individuals are included in enron net works along with their
Current ecommerce initiatives: harry arora, public financial securities; jay
Fitzgerald, new markets identification; bruce garner, metals; and greg piper,
Pulp and paper.
Over the next several weeks we will complete staffing and organizational
Design and will provide full details on this exciting new business
Opportunity.