Subject: re: pg & e texas meeting
Recap of pg & e texas meeting 4/12/00.
Volume issues:
? Sherlyn schumack will provide stacey neuweiler with volume variances by day
And contract as soon as possible (preferably the same day allocation is
Received).
? Stacey will notify sherlyn of correct volume or status if further research
Is necessary as soon as possible.
? Sherlyn will notify logistics, stacey, and lorraine of pg & e texas of
Interconnect variances by day.
? Each group will respond promptly to ensure payment can be made through the
System, eliminating manual line items on invoice.
? Charlotte hawkins will see what was confirmed on the outstanding
Interconnect issue for 2/00, and daren or charlotte will make the necessary
Correction.
Rate issues:
? HeidI withers will pull daily rates from pg & e texas bulletin board.
? Greg steagall will provide heidI with service verification (s) and the daily
Allocation summary received from pg & e texas during close, which shows rates
From pg & e texas.
? No action will be taken on rate variances where pg & e was paid per their
Invoice. HeidI has talked with brenda herod, and brenda is okay with this
Course of action.
? There are four invoices from 1999 production where pg & e was underpaid, so
HeidI and greg will work to correct those months to pay pg & e correctly.
There are no open invoices in settlements.
? It was noted that manual line items are not to be used to pay pg & e per
Their invoice in the future. We expect to correct issues in the system prior
To the due date of the invoice unless there is a valid disagreement between
Ena and pg & e. If ena has a valid disagreement, we will pay per ena , s
Verification.
Daren has put in a request for legal to transfer the ena transport contracts
To hpl. This would eliminate stacey having to schedule the transport on ena
As well as the desk to desk deal. It would also prevent sherlyn from having
To allocate the transport expense contract and the brokered desk to desk
Deal.
He has not had a response from legal yet.