Subject: ena organizational changes
Ena , s first quarter performance has been outstanding which has been achieved
By the exceptional talent and hard work of all ena employees. Ena , s ability
To quickly move people to new business ventures and market opportunities,
Such as enron net works, reinforces the depth of talent in ena, our continued
Commitment to encourage innovation and creativity in all things we do and our
Enthusiasm to support people in pursuing new ideas.
Accordingly, following the recently announced launch of enron net works and
The associated personnel movements, we are pleased to announce the following
Changes within ena effective immediately.
John lavorato will be relocating from calgary to houston to oversee all ena
Risk management and trading activities and will report to the office of the
Chairman. John will have direct responsibility for all natural gas, power,
Emissions, equities and rates trading. As well, john will have direct
Responsibility for the risk management and trading functions within the pulp
& paper, coal and global risk (weather and insurance) businesses. Otherwise,
The pulp & paper, coal and global risk businesses will report to the office
Of the chairman. Following john , s departure from canada, we have asked rob
Milnthorp to be the president of enron canada.
Following the departure of greg piper, the industrial origination team will
Be co - headed by jim ajello, rodney malcolm and edward ondarza who will report
To the office of the chairman. Jim, rodney and edward will work as a team to
Ensure the continued growth of ena , s large industrial capability.
Notwithstanding their joint accountability, each will have a distinct focus
And responsibility within the industrial group. Jim ajello will focus on the
Coverage and marketing efforts for all industrial segments except pulp and
Paper. Edward ondarza will focus on our market making, coverage and
Marketing efforts in the pulp and paper industry. Rodney malcolm will focus
On product development, structuring and execution functions for all
Industrial segments.
We have asked jeff donahue to oversee all ena corporate development and
Principal investing activities and will report to the office of the
Chairman. Corporate development will continue to seek strategic acquisition
Opportunities in existing and new businesses. The principal investing group
Will continue to focus on equity and venture capital syle investments in high
Growth business lines which are directly related to ena , s core businesses or
Are significantly influenced by trends related to our business. Given this
Change, ray bowen will be solely responsible for the management of ena , s
Commercial transactions (ctg) group.
With the departure of ron slimp to ebs, scott tholan will be managing our
Competitive analysis and reporting group and will report to john lavorato.
Please join us in congratulating all of the individuals in their new roles
And responsibilities.