Subject: the foundation course - bottom - line project management (july 25 - 26)
We said it was coming and here it is.....
Bottom - line project management
The foundation course
July 25 ) 26, 2000
Target audience
This class is for people new to project management, from all functions and at
All leadership levels. In addition, it' s for shirt sleeve project managers,
Members of large project teams and individual contributors. Participants may
Have business experience but little project management training. They do
Part of the project themselves and use borrowed resources to do the rest.
The  & basics  8
Teaches the basics ) how to plan, schedule, resource, influence, track,
Report and complete any size project in any area. Features pre - work, action
Learning, individual and team exercises and a minI - simulation of a project on
Which participants practice skills and get immediate feedback on results.
What you learn
Participants learn and take away an application package, the bottom - line tool
Kit, to successfully implement their next project assignment. There is an
Option to use project software in class to identify critical path, modify
Tasks, and control projects.
Key learning points:
Speak a common language ) use basic terms, answer key questions
Identify behaviors of effective project leaders and teams
5 - step common sense methodology to plan, organize, resource, implement and
Close - out any size project ) in any area
Organizational terms & definitions: stakeholders, customers, sponsors, etc.
Develop and apply 3 key visual tools to planing and track performance
Resource, staff and complete projects, with limited,  billed to your rc and company
Number
To enroll
Sign up on line through the organizational development & training intranet
Site, which can be accessed through enron' s home page. Click on" sites",
" intranet sites" and then" organizational development & training". Then
Click on" training" and then" leadership training". Or, go directly to the
Site by entering the intranet address below.
If you have any questions about this course or any other offerings
Sponsored by od & t, feel free to contact
Susan m. Lewis at 713 - 853 - 9712 or slewis 2@ enron. Com.