Subject: may activity survey
Attached please find the activity survey for the month of may, 2000.
I am sending the survey out this time as an opportunity to introduce myself
To those of you I have not yet met. I am being asked to take a direct roll
In the further development and rollout of the operations pricing model (fka
Transaction cost model). In the past, I have directed the implementation of
Several pricing systems based on activity based costing similar to the
Operations pricing model (opm). Over the past couple of weeks my
Observations of the model have lead me to be concerned with the quality of
Data used in the model. It will take efforts by both you and the opm team to
Get to a satisfactory level of data quality. This process can start with
This months data collection efforts. Please pay particular attention this
Month as the" bar is being raised" by the management of energy operations for
Data quality and timeliness.
The attached survey drives your costs from your activities to the commercial
Teams. Please select your rcs, and fill in the driver quantity for the
Requested driver for the month of may. Please fill out the attached activity
Driver survey with may numbers for your rc and return to sharI mao by end of
Day friday, june 2.
Please note the following updates:
For nat gas, sally beck is interested in physical (as denoted as ph in the
Survey) vs. Financial (as denoted as fI in the survey) numbers, please
Provide statistics accordingly
If a driver has not been updated per your request, please call or email
Jennifer reside
If you have additional updates/suggestions or items that need correction,
Please call or email jennifer reside
If your group currently generates a standard report that captures the
Surveyed data, please send the report to jennifer reside. This will
Eliminate your need to fill out this survey every month. If you would like
Us to collect this information from someone within your team beginning next
Month, please let jennifer know.
Please contact jennifer reside x 3 - 5971 with questions (sharI is on vacation
This week), or if you are unable to complete the survey within the allotted
Time.