Subject: accomplishments
Sorry for the delay... Ami
1. Tom asked for a historical number for entex the 2 nd week on the job in the
Morning meeting. He wasn , t expecting me to bring forth anything because I had
Just started. No one provided any information after the first day, so i
Decided to look it up and do it myself. Tom was very pleased.
2. Tom gave that info to ed, and he asked for further data:
A. About cinco ranch, greatwood, and spring interconnects
I coordinated with brad blevins and applied it to the fact that origination
Was booked for nov, but the points had yet to be operational. Brad and i
Remain in close contact to share any entex interconnect info.
B. Research transport info
Documented why entex transport volumes decreased by 6000, and used info
Towards the audit
C. Check weather forecast for nov
I got weather info from mike roberts and developed some volumes that
Corresponded with historical data related to the average of the forecast. Tom ,
S response was," this is great. Why hasn , t anyone been able to do this
Before."
3. Prepare and present entex info in morning meetings and prebid meetings.
4. Work with weather research group to get better understanding of entex
Trends.
5. Prepare information gathering entex data including:
Midcon vols
Price behavior
Temperature and weather conditions
Hpl vols
6. Thoroughly understand and apply entex contracts:
- realize need for daily vols and mentor summer intern to put together data
Base of historical information (winter cap)
- recognized accounting discrepancy that saved us $11, 000
- reorganized entex tracking spreadsheets to incorporate a variety of info,
Including booked volumes, weather, and contract terms
- part of the audit team
7. Managed weather hedge (swap and put)
After doing some background work, I found out that the weather research group
Was incorrect, and their files were feeding incorrect data (iah temps instead
Of hou temps). This find resulted in a gain on of $3, 376, 780.
8. Handle ces deals on the texas desk
- organized and facilitated a meeting with back office to review all ces deals
- incorporated all ces info with enron systems
- fully gather all data
- liaison between devon and enron (whole trade floor)
- ensure all information was correct
- praised by:
Joan quick -" you went above and beyond the call of duty"
Howard camp -" when I met with the other regions, texas was the only one that
Had its the info in line and organized"
9. Develop good relationship with entex
10. Facilitate monthly meeting with cross - functional entex team to resolve
Issues, discuss current happenings, and to keep everyone in the" know"
11. Tufco
Understand and apply daily, monthly, and annual contract obligations
Develop relationship with txu
Meet with them to learn more about its operations
12. Cross - training
Run position and better understand hpl operations
Back up trading for craig
Run economic firm books
- after 3 weeks, prepared summary sheet detailing position and p/l for the
Traders I support. Complimented by tom