Subject: enronoptions - your stock option program
It is amazing and yet not surprising how much enron has accomplished in the
First six months of this year. You continue to make it happen. We recognize
That you work hard every day to accomplish enron , s business goals, and we are
Pleased that many of you have shared in the company , s financial success
Through enron stock options.
As you may know, the current employee stock option program (also known as the
All employee stock option program or aesop) began in 1994 and provided value
To participants through 2000. Employees who have participated in this
Program from its inception have realized a 1, 119% increase in the value of
Their stock options (assuming a stock price of $70) over the life of the
Program.
Enron stock options are a valuable part of your total compensation package
And a contributing factor to your performance and to enron , s continued
Success. Therefore, the enron executive committee and the compensation and
Management development committee of the enron board of directors have decided
To continue to offer stock options as a part of your compensation package.
On may 1, 2000, the committee approved an employee stock option program for
Calendar years 2001 - 2005 (enronoptions ) your stock option program). It is
Expected that enronoptions ) your stock option program will be granted,
Effective on or about december 29, 2000, for those employees who are eligible
On that date (please see note below). The new program, which is subject to
Final approval by enron , s board of directors, is as follows:
? Enronoptions ) your stock option program will give stock options to
Eligible full - time and part - time regular employees in domestic and
International companies/locations.
? The grant of non - qualified stock options will equal 25% of annual base
Salary (5% of annual base salary for each year of a 5 - year period) on
December 29, 2000. (salary calculation and value may vary in some
International locations.)
? The board will grant the stock options on december 29, 2000.
? Eligible employees hired in subsequent years will receive a prorated grant
Of stock options.
Why commit your talent and energy to enron? Enronoptions ) your stock option
Program, among other good reasons  (that , s why.
In the coming weeks, you will be receiving more details about enronoptions )
Your stock option program. To provide information and answer your questions,
We will introduce a special link on the human resources web - site, host
Several espeak sessions and continue to communicate with you on a regular
Basis. In the meantime, if you have immediate questions, please contact your
Human resources representative.
Note: in addition to final approval by enron , s board of directors, granting
Of options will be subject to new york stock exchange and state and federal
Regulatory requirements. It is expected that enronoptions ) your stock
Option program will be available to most enron employees; however, some enron
Companies , employees may not be eligible due to legal, accounting, tax, labor
Or business issues. As you know, enron changes to meet the needs of the
Marketplaces we serve. Given that need to change, we will continue to refine
The eligibility for enronoptions ) your stock option program and will
Communicate more details throughout the year with final eligibility being
Determined on december 29, 2000.