Subject: organizational announcement: industrial origination, ctg, and ena
Treasury
Effective immediately, ray bowen will take over leadership of the industrial
Origination group responsible for enron north america , s origination
Activities in the industrial market including pulp & paper, metals, refining,
And petrochemicals. As part of the industrial origination group, jim ajello,
Will continue to lead the origination effort in the metals, refining, and
Petrochemical sector. Edward ondarza maintains oversight of origination in
The pulp and paper sectors. Rodney malcolm retains primary responsibility
For leading the execution of transactions and delivery of the outsource
Solutions to industrial customers.
When the commercial transactions group was created approximately a year ago,
The objective was to create an internal emphasis on the development of
Transaction execution skills that are necessary to execute complex,
Structured transactions and to foster better deal quality. We believe that
The primary objectives of the ctg have been achieved, and in order to better
Position the organization for the remainder of 2000 and in response to ray
Bowen , s new position, the following changes will be made in the commercial
Transactions group organization.
Transaction development: transaction development, which was created to
Provide focused deal execution capability to the origination groups, will be
Merged into each respective origination group and report solely to the group
Leaders.
Portfolio management: all activities surrounding portfolio investments will
Report to jeff donahue. Jeff will be responsible for ena , s  & capital book  8
And will have a high level of involvement in existing portfolio investments
And will work closely with ena treasury and the various origination groups to
Assure that new transactions (a) incorporate appropriate risk/return
Characteristics, (b) are evaluated in the context of market based pricing
Signals, and (c) incorporate a specific investment plan which includes
Syndication of the investment, if applicable, and a specific exit strategy.
Portfolio management includes restructuring/special assets (randy
Maffett/dick lydecker) and capital structuring (andrea reed). Steve pruett
(energy capital resources), chuck ward (generation investments), don miller
(merchant generation), and chris helfrich (coal and industrial) will continue
To be responsible for day to day asset management for performing investments
And will report to their respective origination units with a dual report to
Jeff. Jeff will retain his corporate development and principal investments
Activities.
Commodity structuring: commodity structuring including berney aucoin (power)
And ed mcmichael (gas) will report to janet dietrich. Janet will retain
Responsibility for east midstream origination. Commodity structuring will
Continue to work to facilitate and structure the highest priority and highest
Value transactions across the entire ena organization.
Technical/oec: the technical group (wayne mays/bob virgo), which provides
Technical support to industrial and power generation asset development
Activities, and oec (lead by mark dobler) will report directly to the ena
Office of the chairman.
In addition to these changes, joe deffner has been named ena , s chief
Financial officer and will head ena treasury. In this role he will be
Responsible for managing ena , s balance sheet and the sourcing of capital in
The bank and capital markets. Joe will report jointly to the ena office of
The chairman and to enron corp. Global finance.