Subject: new paycheck information!
Introducing your first sap paycheck!
This is the first payroll processed in sap for all employees paid out of
Corporate payroll. You may notice some changes in the way information is
Reflected on your pay advice, the most common are itemized below.
What , s different?
? Your  + home , cost center will be displayed at the top of the pay advice.
This is your department number as designated in the hr and financial modules
Of sap.
? Any earnings descriptions that start with a  + p , represent earning types
Reported in the prior period. For instance, if you reported vacation time for
The july lst - 15 th pay period, it will be reflected on your july 31 st pay
Advice as  + pvacation ,.
? Flex dollars will appear on the earnings section of the pay advice instead
Of as a credit in the deduction section. The various benefit deductions will
Remain itemized in the deduction section.
? If you transfer between enron companies during the year, your year ) to - date
Totals will carry forward to the new company pay advice. Previously, the
Year - to - date totals started over when transferred to another company. This
Change will provide your total enron earnings and deduction amounts on your
Pay advice throughout the year. (note that your w 2 at the end of the year
Will reflect your earnings by company).
? For salaried employees, any reported exception time (e. G. Vacation, sick
Day, etc.) will be reflected on the earnings section with hours only, the
Related dollar amount will be included in the  + salary , earnings type.
? For any other information or further explanations regarding your payroll
Contact the payroll call center at 713 - 345 - 5555
Payroll faq , s
My paycheck has a line called  & other deductions  8, what does that stand for?
There is a fixed amount of lines to print deductions on the paycheck. For
Some employees, the number of deductions are more than we have room to
Print. In this circumstance, the system totals all remaining deductions and
Prints them on one line ) titled  & other deductions  8. The detail of all
Deductions can be viewed on the pay advice that is displayed on the intranet
At ehronline. Enron. Com.
What do the earnings or deduction codes on my paycheck mean?
These definitions are listed on the payroll webpage located at
Hrweb. Enron. Com, select enron payroll from the side index.
Why is my overtime not reflected on my paycheck?
Overtime is paid one pay period in arrears, therefore it will be reflected in
The next pay period. For example, if you reported overtime for the
July lst ) 15 th pay period, it will be reflected on your july 31 st pay advice
As  + povertime ,.
What is the limit for social security (fica)?
For year 2000 the limit is $4, 724. 40 on a wage base of $76, 200. This limit is
Applied to each enron payroll tax company. Therefore, if you transfer to
Another enron company these limits will start over, however, the total amount
Withheld across all companies will be reflected on your paystub. Excess fica
Will be credited to you by the irs via your tax return.
What federal income tax rate is used for my bonus or when I exercise stock
Options?
There is a standard federal income tax rate of 28% for these earnings. This
Can be higher if the employee has completed a supplemental tax form
Requesting a higher rate (this form can be found at hrweb. Enron. Com, select
Enron payroll from the side index).