Subject: hpl 75 th anniversary celebration
Houston pipe line company , s 75 th anniversary
Moody gardens hotel
Galveston, texas
September 9, 2000
Frequently asked questions
Houston pipe line company , s 75 th anniversary celebration is right around the
Corner. To help you plan for the event, we , ve developed a list of questions
And answers. Look for future updates via email and if you have a question,
Please send it to meetingstop@ aol. Com.
? How do houston pipe line employees rsvp for the anniversary celebration?
Register via email - - the sooner the better! You provide minimal information
Via email to our event coordinator on the form you , ve received with this
Email. Note: registration ends august 15.
? Can I bring my children for a family weekend outing?
The celebration is for houston pipe line employees and a guest.
? What are check - in and checkout times at the hotel?
Check - in at moody gardens hotel is 4 pm saturday and checkout is at noon
Sunday. Although early room check - in is unlikely on saturday, employees may
Arrive early and check their luggage in the hotel lobby to enjoy the moody
Gardens attractions. Rooms will be assigned as they become available
Throughout saturday. We , ll give you specifics on the check - in process in
Future updates.
? Can I reserve a room for friday, september 8? What is the room rate?
A limited number of rooms may be available on friday night for $129. 00
(single or double). Houston pipe line employees should contact the hotel
Directly to make friday reservations. The phone number for moody gardens
Hotel is 888/388 - 8484 or 409/781 - 8484.
? Should I use my personal credit card for incidental expenses?
Yes, you should use your personal credit card for incidental expenses, such
As long distance phone calls. Just present your credit card at check - in.
? What is the dress code for the weekend?
Cocktail attire is appropriate for the anniversary celebration. Black tie is
Optional! Comfy relaxed attire is mandatory for enjoying moody garden
Attractions.
? Can I include the mileage to galveston on my expense report?
Travel to and from moody gardens hotel is not eligible for expense
Reimbursement.
? Which meals are included during my hotel stay?
The celebration includes saturday night cocktails and dinner.
Houston pipe line employees will receive two drink tickets each for the
Cocktail hour or at dinner. Cash bars will be available during the
Celebration.
? What time is the official company celebration over?
Employees and guests are on their own and free to enjoy galveston after
Dinner saturday night and on sunday. As a reminder, checkout time is at noon
On sunday.
? What are  + garden dollars  8 and do I have access to all moody gardens
Attractions?
Houston pipe line employees and guests will each receive  + garden money ,
Valued at $35. 00.  + garden money , can be used throughout the complex to enjoy
Attractions or for a spa service.
? Doesn , t moody gardens have an incredible spa?
Yes, employees should contact the spa at moody gardens hotel to schedule
Appointments for all spa services. The spa offers a variety of services
Including massages, body wraps and treatments, hydrotherapy baths and
Facials. Call the spa at 888/388 - 8484 or 409/683 - 4440 to schedule an
Appointment.
? Does the hotel have a designated parking area?
Hotel guests may enjoy covered parking located at the entrance to the
Complex, behind the hotel. Note a posted sign at the parking garage entrance
Reads" valet only", but hotel guests are free to use the garage.
Employee celebration
Registration
Plan to attend?
Enjoy easy, speedy registration?
Send information requested below to meetingstop@ aol. Com.
Expect registration confirmation via email.
Register early! Register now!
1) employee , s name
2) employee , s daytime phone number
3) guest , s name
4) overnight accommodations (select one of each category)
? King bed or two queen beds
? Smoking or non - smoking room
5) dinner only? Yes/no
6) do you want  + garden dollars , for moody gardens hotel or attractions? Yes
/ no