Subject: find the perfect vacation package
Dear daren farmer,
It' s time to take a break, go somewhere wild and fantastic,
And make all your travel plans happen in one place.
Expedia. Com has some great packages for you that include
Air, hotel, and in some cases a car. Just pick your destination,
The month you want to leave, and we' ll show you everything
That' s available. Look for the yellow star to find packages
With the greatest value.
Http:// www. Expedia. Com/daily/packages /
Also, did you get your free copy of expedia travels magazine
Yet? The premiere edition is packed with information that will
Show you how to use the web to travel smarter. Get your free
Copy today!
Ode = adt
Bahamas cruise with nascar heroes
Meet some of the top nascar drivers on this four - night
Cruise to the bahamas from port canaveral. You' ll get to
Attend photo opportunities, get autographs, take part in trivia
Contests, and test your skills in a remote - control car.
See what' s new in other places: http:// www. Expedia. Com/daily/travnews /
Your faretracker low fares
We' ve designed fare tracker to help you find great fares by listing
The lowest fares found by your fellow travelers on the routes you
Selected.
You can change your fare tracker subscription at:
We have made it easier to find the lowest fares that we
Send to you in the faretracker mail by sending you the lowest
Fares found by other expedia customers. Unfortunately,
We are unable to track fares for all possible airport pairs
In the world. All three airport pairs that you have in your
Faretracker subscription are no longer supported. Please click
Here to log into expedia and choose from the hundreds of
Airport pairs we do currently track fares for:
Check out all your route and fare options with our flight wizard:
Special deals
We handpick the best offers and promotions to bring you
Excellent value on unforgettable experiences.
Take five: 5 nights, 50% off with wyndham
It' s time to slow down, call in sick, and get out of town  -
Especially when you can save 50% off your next stay at
Any wyndham hotel & resort for up to five nights. Find out
More.
Travelscape. Com: philadelphia package from $399
Stroll through one of america' s most historical cities while
You savor the delicacy of a classic cheesesteak sandwich.
Package includes airfare and two nights at the radisson
Philadelphia hotel.
Uniglobe. Com: cruise the west coast from $266
Take a day off and enjoy this three - day cruise from san
Francisco to vancouver, b. C. You' ll get to stop at victoria, b. C.
For some excellent shopping. This is the perfect getaway for a
Long weekend.
Go - today: london land package from $299
Spend six nights getting to know the beauty of london during
The summer. Package includes accommodations, transfers,
Daily breakfast, and optional sightseeing tours. This is a great
Way to experience a slice of europe.
Looking for more great deals on expedia. Com? See our
Special deals at:
From our sponsors
Cool off with one of hyatts summer deals
? Hyatt touch weekends from $75 per room per night including valuable
Extras
? Getaway weekend rates  - best available rates for the upcoming 2
Weekends
? Sunshine on sale  - free nights at resorts
For details see:
Http:// ads. Msn. Com/ads/expftr/hyattl. Asp
Thank you again for traveling with expedia. Com.
Expedia. Com travel team
Don' t just travel. Travel right.
Http:// expedia. Com /
You are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered
Member of expedia. Com. Your expedia membership is free and
Your privacy and credit card security are guaranteed. Questions?
Visit the expedia. Com service center at:
Http:// www. Expedia. Com/daily/service /
If you do not wish to receive any further e - mails from us,
Please reply to this mail with" unsubscribe" in the subject line.
Apologies but we cannot reply to responses to fare tracker.
If you have questions or want to give feedback, click here:
(c) 1998, 1999, 2000 expedia, inc. All rights reserved.
This email was sent to: dfarmer@ ect. Enron. Com
- attl. Htm