Subject: save up to 70% on hotels
Dear daren farmer,
One of the things we like to do here at expedia is help you
Maximize your vacation dollar. Since accommodations are a
Big part of every vacation, we went to more than 1, 200 quality
Hotels in more than 240 cities and negotiated hotel rates up to
70% less than the average standard rates. We call these expedia
Special rates, and it' s all about saving you money. When you
Search for a hotel on expedia. Com, just look for the" expedia
Special rates" icon and you' ll know you' re getting this special rate.
Right now, you can take advantage of an expedia special rate
At the brand - new aladdin resort in las vegas. This spectacular
Hotel just opened, and it features one of the largest collections of
Shopping, dining, entertainment, and gaming options available in
Las vegas. See what it' s all about:
5117
Travel news
Every week, we bring you the travel updates so you can
Make exactly the right travel choices.
D. C. Art show makes an" impression"
What do you mean your kids don' t understand van gogh,
Matisse, cezanne? Well, now' s their chance to see these
Classics as more than just weird blobs of color, thanks to an
Art museum in washington, d. C. That will help your kids get
Hip to impressionism.
Sionistart. Asp
Transport yourself to china from portland
Stroll past stone lions and walls of greenery in a suzhou - style
Garden, which is the largest of its kind outside of china. As you
Pass through the moongates of this oregon chinese garden,
You' ll feel as if you' ve been transported to china.
Egarden. Asp
Sail out of sydney with olympic legends
If you' re headed to sydney for the olympics this year, this is your
Chance to cruise with some of the top athletes around on a 12 - day
Cruise to new zealand. Hang out with swimmer john naber, high
Jumper dwight stones, distance runner louis zamperini, and speed
Skater dan jansen.
Cs. Asp
See what' s new in other places: http:// www. Expedia. Com/daily/travnews /
Your faretracker low fares
We' ve designed fare tracker to help you find great fares by listing
The lowest round trip fares found by your fellow travelers on the routes
You
Selected.
You can change your fare tracker subscription at:
We have made it easier to find the lowest fares that we
Send to you in the faretracker mail by sending you the lowest
Fares found by other expedia customers. Unfortunately,
We are unable to track fares for all possible airport pairs
In the world. All three airport pairs that you have in your
Faretracker subscription are no longer supported. Please click
Here to log into expedia and choose from the hundreds of
Airport pairs we do currently track fares for:
Check out all your route and fare options with our flight wizard:
Special deals
We handpick the best offers and promotions to bring you
Excellent value on unforgettable experiences.
Hawaiian airlines: los angeles to oahu, hawaiI from $488
Beaches, sunsets, and open ocean. See for yourself what
Makes hawaiI so great.
Kuartos. Com: overnight in mexico from $85
You' ll get a luxury room in cozumel, breakfast, and diving
Tickets for two.
Cruise outlet: ten days in the mexican riviera from $1, 349
Discover some of the finest cities in mexico and indulge
Yourself at sea.
Travelscape. Com: philadelphia package from $399
Experience the city of brotherly love. Package includes
Air and two nights' accommodation.
Looking for more great deals on expedia. Com? See our
Special deals at:
From our sponsors
Blue nile travel advisory: protect your new wedding rings
Ensure your wedding rings return from the honeymoon:
* make sure the rings fit snugly, so they' re not lost during outdoor
Activities.
* insure your rings before you go. Check to see that your insurance
Policy
Covers lost and stolen items around the world.
* if you have to take your wedding rings off, put them in the hotel
Safe.
For education and guidance in selecting the perfect diamond, or for a
Gift
Of jewelry to remind you of your trip for years to come, visit blue
Nile.
For details see:
Thank you again for traveling with expedia. Com.
Expedia. Com travel team
Don' t just travel. Travel right.
Http:// expedia. Com /
You are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered
Member of expedia. Com. Your expedia membership is free and
Your privacy and credit card security are guaranteed. Questions?
Visit the expedia. Com service center at:
Http:// www. Expedia. Com/daily/service /
If you do not wish to receive any further e - mails from us,
Please reply to this mail with" unsubscribe" in the subject line.
Apologies but we cannot reply to responses to fare tracker.
If you have questions or want to give feedback, click here:
(c) 1998, 1999, 2000 expedia, inc. All rights reserved.
This email was sent to: dfarmer@ ect. Enron. Com
- attl. Htm