Subject: neon september 13
Hey guys and girls,
?
Here' s an idea for an icebreaker activity for our 2 nd week of neon.? This is
Only an idea, you can use it or do something totally different.? Again, let
Me know along the way if you have something that has worked well for your
Group so we can share in the wealth.
?
Someone in your group should have a couple of classic books full of
Icebreaker - game type of activities, building community in youth groups, and
Youth group trust builders.? We all at one time had a selection of
Icebreakers in a gray binder that you might still have somewhere in a
Drawer.? Spend time in the games and forced interactions, especially over
The beginning of the semester.? If you don' t have these resources, let me
Know.? Even if some of these ideas may seem familiar to you, remember that
You may have been doing this far longer than the oldest kids have been in
Your group.? But again, if you have any ideas for resources let me know.
?
In addition to the ideas to think about at the top of the 2 nd weeks topic, a
Couple of additional thoughts given me by leaders:
??? - realize and possibly communicate in a low key manner to the freshman
That their expectations of neon may not initially be met.? They may be
Coming in with ideas of what neon is, only to possibly be disappointed.? In
A sense it is similar to going to a restaurant or movie after tons of people
Have recommended it to you, and being a little let down.? More importantly,
They need to realize that neon is not an event, it is a process.? The teens
Who say they love it are most often the ones who have been in it long enough
To have built relationships and to have shared a bunch of common
Experiences.? With time and a commitment on their part to be at neon weekly,
Their expectations will ultimately be met.
??? - remember that the best quality time you have with the kids is probably
Before or after neon, or at other non - neon times.
?
Have fun loving on your kids wednesday!
?
Bobby
- neon opening lesson. Doc