Subject: countdown to 75 th anniversary celebration
To: employees attending 75 th anniversary celebration
With the countdown underway for houston pipe line , s 75 th anniversary
Celebration in galveston on september 9, here is information that I think you ,
Ll find helpful in finalizing your plans. I , m delighted that almost 500
Employees and their guests will be attending our anniversary celebration in
Galveston!
Hotel arrangements
Due to such tremendous response from employees, we have run out of rooms in
The moody gardens hotel, seven hope blvd. Some of you will be staying at an
Equally fine hotel, the hilton resort, 5400 seawall blvd. The hilton is a
Sister hotel to the san luis and amenities include a heated swimming pool,
Jacuzzi, tennis court and fitness room. Hilton guests can also enjoy special
San luis facilities by showing their room cards.
Checking in and out
Each hpl employee will receive a party - pak that includes your * garden
Dollars, drink tickets, name tags and several special gifts. Pick up your
Party pack and hotel confirmation number for both the hilton and moody
Gardens hotels in the lobby of the moody gardens hotel any time after 10 a. M.
Saturday morning.
The official check in time at both hotels is 4 p. M. On saturday, september
9. However, the hotels will make rooms available to hpl guests before
Mid - afternoon if possible. Both hotels have also made arrangements to check
Your bags in advance if your room is not ready. Please check with the desk
When you arrive at your hotel. Check out time is noon on sunday, september
10.
Hotel parking is available outdoors or underground at the valet parking
Entrance sign at the back of the hotel.
* garden dollars are like currency at moody garden attractions, restaurants,
Lounges, gift shop and spa. Use them any time on saturday or sunday or keep
Them and use them on a subsequent trip to galveston within the next year.
If your plans change
If your personal plans change between now and the celebration on september 9,
Please email meetingstop@ aol. Com to let us know that you are canceling your
Hotel room and dinner reservations. We appreciate your courtesy!
Cocktails & dinner
Cocktails are at 6: 30 p. M. And dinner at 7: 30 on saturday, september 9 in the
Moody gardens ballroom. Be sure that you and your guest wear your name
Badges that are included in your party pack because you must be appropriately
Identified as a houston pipe line employee or guest for cocktails and dinner.
What to wear
Suitable attire includes jackets for the men and corresponding dressy ladies ,
Clothes.