Subject: juvenile diabetes foundation fundraising
It is my sincere honor to once again lead the enron team in this year' s
Juvenile diabetes foundation (jdf) walk scheduled to take place on sunday,
November 5, 2000, at the sam houston race park. I continue to serve on the
Board of jdf representing enron and will be enron' s corporate executive for
This year' s fundraising efforts.
As many of you may already know, I am an insulin dependent diabetic myself.
Even though I know how difficult this disease can be to manage with the
Multiple finger pricks for blood samples and several shots each day, I cannot
Imagine how difficult it is for a small child with this disease. Taking
Insulin does not cure the disease nor prevent the development of
Complications; insulin is simply their life support system and without it
They would die.
Enron continues to be a major corporate sponsor for jdf again this year. Jdf
Is a very efficient organization in which approximately 84% of all money
Raised goes directly to research. Enron' s goal this year is to raise
$225, 000 and we need your help. Enron has been the number 1 walk team for 5
Years in a row and we are not ready to give up first place! We need team
Leaders, walkers and volunteers to help us reach our goal. The theme for the
Walk this year is" knock out diabetes" and we would like to have you join us
For this great event. The walk is truly a blast and we had about 500 enron
People participate last year and everyone enjoyed it.
If you are interested in volunteering to be a walker or a team leader, or if
You would like to make a pledge, you may call any of the steering committee
Members listed below. If you are interested in being a team leader, please
Contact one of the following people immediately so that you may be included
In the first important and informative training session taking place this
Week.
Thank you very much for your support.
Mike mcconnell
Steering committee members:
Blanca bollom x 66091
Rachel feldt x 57629
Deb gebhardt x 39606
Cathy phillips x 36898
John walt x 35379
Debbie yates x 35305