Subject: enrononline internal launch for phase 2
On wednesday, sept. 13, we will be using the new version of enrononline
(website and stack manager) for all north american internal users.
Please log into the temporary website: http:// prod. Enrononline. Com (no www.)
This is a live website and all trades are real.
Content of this email
1. Introduction
2. Version 2. 0 launch date
3. New website features
4. New stack manager features
5. Your participation
6. Contacts
1. Introduction
We are planning to launch version 2. 0 of enrononline to customers within the
Next few days. In preparation for this launch, the new web site will be
Released to internal users in north america on wednesday, september 13 th.
European internal users will be launched shortly after north america.
External customers will follow a few days later.
One of the purposes of the internal launch is to simulate the system load
Which will be caused by the full customer launch. Accordingly, we appreciate
Your cooperation in helping us to simulate this load by logging into
Http:// prod. Enrononline. Com (no www.) this is a live web site and all trades
Are real.
New features (as per recent presentations and training sessions) include:
? Price limit orders
? Enhanced customization
? Floating windows
? Market news and quotes
? Weather maps and tables
? Industry - specific publications
? Market - specific homepages
2. Version 2. 0 launch date
Enrononline version 2. 0 will be launched to the public a few days after our
Internal launch. We will be using the new version internally from wednesday,
Sept. 13. This will provide an opportunity for you to become familiar with
Using the new application in the production environment before our customers
Start to use it.
3. New website feature details
Price limit orders: customers have the ability to set up orders that
Automatically execute as soon as the price and volume requested become
Available. The limit orders remain open in the system until they are
Executed, cancelled by the user, or when they expire. All pending orders will
Expire no later than 12 hours after being placed.
Pending price limit orders will appear in a new window below the quotes
Screen in the website.
Product tabs: enrononline users can use enhanced filtering capabilities to
Create separate page tabs for the products that interest them. Users can
Instantly access each page tab with a click of their mouse. Sort ordering can
Be changed by clicking on a column heading, with multiple sorts possible by
Holding down the shift key while clicking.
Floating windows: users have the ability to create multiple windows with
Different products by right - clicking on the products in the main quotes
Screen.
Market news: website users can now access the latest headlines, sports and
Industry news from reuters. Furthermore, the information categories can be
Customized according to personal interests. To customize a particular
Category, users need to click the edit button in the category heading.
All information categories can be collapsed to save space. To expand or
Collapse a category, users need to click the arrow to the left of the
Category heading.
Stock quotes: enrononline now offers stock quotes (20 min. Delay) from major
Exchanges around the world.
Weather insights: customers can now access weather maps and temperature data
For specific cities and regions. Weather forecasts, up to six days ahead,
And temperature differentials from periodic averages are now available.
Industry publications: website users can read a wide range of
Industry - specific publications including argus european natural gas, argus
European electricity, the news from ngI , s daily gas price index, bandwidth
Desk, coal daily and more.
4. New stack manager features
The stack manager has been updated to facilitate price limit orders. You will
Notice that there is a new button at the top of the stack manager, which will
Open a window showing a summary of the best price limit order bids and offers
Against your managed products. You can click the" +" sign to the left of a
Summary to show a list of all the price limit orders which have been placed
Against that product.
Under normal circumstances, the price shown on the website will be the same
As the price on your stack manager. However, the system will not allow you to
Show a price which is better than an existing price limit order. Instead, the
System will show a price on the website equivalent to the prevailing price
Limit order while it is being filled. Once the appropriate price limit orders
Are filled, then the website will again show your stack manager prices.
It is important that you complete the  & maximum volume  8 field in the product
Properties window and that you select" allow price limit orders". Also, make
Sure that the price tick window in the stack manager , s  & product properties  8
Field is appropriate for the product. If you do not do this, your customers
Will not be able to use price limit orders for your products.
5. Your participation
Please log in to http:// prod. Enrononline. Com (no www.) on wednesday. To
Ensure enrononline version 2. 0 is a success, it is important that you have a
Full understanding of the new features and help promote the system to your
Customers.
6. Contacts
If you have any further questions that are not answered above please feel
Free to contact us at:
The americas:
+ 1 (713) 853 - 4357 (help)
Asia and australia
+ 61 2 9229 2300
All other regions
+ 44 (0) 20 7783 7783