Subject: budget help!!
Salaries, salaries, salaries!!! Everyone is having problems.
Unfortunately, many of
You are new to your jobs and did not inherit paperwork to know what your
Staff' s salary is. I have the average
Salary for each of the different staffing levels. I have asked the hr
Department to also give me
The low and the high. Let' s face it - your staff today and their salary most
Likely are not what
They are going to be next year! To much movement of people. So using
Estimates and averages
Will probably be as accurate as using current salary levels.
Here' s what you can do:
1) make a list of your staff just their positions.
2) then put down if you think I should budget high, mid, average, low, low to
Average, etc.
You can guess at this based on their experience, length of time in that
Position, etc.
3) then I will calculate out an estimated salary to use for your budget.
4) here is the average:
Sr. $4, 961
Spec $3, 964
Staff $3, 026
Sr. Clrk $2, 548
Clerk $2, 264
Asst $3, 162
Your list would look something like this:
Assistant average
Clerk very high
Sr. Clerk low
Specialist low to average
Specialist average
Sr. Specialist average to high
Analyst (they are all allocated at the same amount)
You can, however, use the exact amounts if you have them. It' s up to you.
Next item - training!!!
Here' s what you can do:
1) list your staff and the type of class they need
2) if you don' t know the exact class you want to send them to, then list what
Type
Of class - for example personal enrichment (i. E. Time management) or
Technical (derivatives or applied finance or wellhead to burnertip)
3) the personal enrichment classes cost aroung $500 - $700
4) the technical classes cost aroung $800 - $1000.
5) just list the type of class, and i' ll do the rest.
Next item - headhunters!
Try 20% of the new hires salary for their fees.
Other stuff - I have made a list of all of the unusual items we do during the
Year that
People forget about at budget time (i. E. Flowers for secretaries day, birthday
Ice cream, offsite meeting costs, customer gifts). If you forget these
Items, I will
Make sure it is added to your budget.
Once I put all of your budget information into the spreadsheets, we will
Review them
So that they can be adjusted as necessary and you can approve them. Hopefully
This helps you some.
Diane x - 37059