Subject: the enrononline games
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by elsa villarreal/hou/ect on 09/15/2000
03: 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Andy zipper@ enron
09/07/2000 07: 05 pm
To: eol non north america traders, eol north america traders
Cc: product control - houston, product control - london, louise
Kitchen/hou/ect@ ect, greg whalley/hou/ect@ ect
Subject: the enrononline games
Highlights:
Launch of the enrononline games on friday - sept. 8, 2000.
Enrononline customers encouraged to participate for a chance to win grand
Prizes (details below).
Internal (enron) employees using enrononline are welcome to participate for a
Chance to win a different set of prizes (details below).
Please participate in the game and encourage all your counterparties to do
The same, and help build greater community around enrononline.
Details:
We are excited to announce the launch of the enrononline games on friday -
September 8, 2000 (tomorrow). All enrononline customers with an execute
Access to enrononline, and all the internal users of enrononline (enron
Employees) will be able to participate in this competition. The objective of
These games is to build greater community around enrononline and to provide
Our users with additional services and some fun competition for cool prizes.
The game:
The game will be structured around the olympics games being held in sydney
Between sept 15 - october 1, 2000 (please note that we are advised against
Using the word olympics when talking to our customers re. The game and as
Such, would rather use" the enrononline games"). Participants can select any
Or all of the five countries allocated from a random draw as their pick. Any
Country that was not selected by the participant in the first draw, will be
Replaced by another randomly allocated county in a second and final pick,
Ensuring that the participant has their full portfolio of five. These
Selections have to be made by 6: 00 pm eastern standard time (midnight,
Greenwich meridian time). That is, the morning before the games are played
Each day. Points will be accumulated for each gold, silver, or bronze medal
Won by the selected country.
Prizes:
Enron employees: winning participants from within enron will be awarded
Prizes as well. These winners will not be competing for the customer prize
Pool, but will be eligible for a separate set of prizes, as detailed below.
First prize: $1, 000 to $2, 000 range (portable dvd player, digital camcorder,
Etc.).
Second prize: $1, 000 to $2, 000 range (portable dvd player, digital camcorder,
Etc.).
3 - 10 prizes: an assortment of smaller prizes.
Enrononline customers: there are substantial prizes for winning participants
From the customer pool and are as follows:
First prize (awarded as a package):
Sony 61  8 xbr projection television
Matching 8 shelf xbr cabinet
200 disc dvd/cd player
A/v receiver w/110 w/channel
Home theatre six speaker system
Network recorder
Digital 8 mm camcorder w/built - in printer
Second prize:
Sony 36  8 flat screen tv
Third prize:
Sony portable dvd player w/lcd screen
You are all encouraged to participate in the games and are urged to encourage
Your customers to do the same.
Pls. Note that there are some jurisdictional restrictions on participation,
And the restricted customers aren' t eligible to play or receive prizes. For
Further questions, please refer to the following faq attachment or call the
Enrononline help desk.
Regards,
Andy