Subject: save on united now and get 30% off a future flight
Dear expedia. Com traveler
Now you can save two ways with the latest united airlines
Fare sale and this special offer from expedia. Comc. Book a
United ticket on expedia. Com now and you' ll save - - plus
We' ll give you a reward for 30% off a future united flight
To most anywhere in the u. S.! *
You' ve got until september 22 to take advantage of the
Latest united fare sale. And if you book a united ticket
With expedia. Com, we' ll give you a reward for 30% off your
Next flight. If you miss the fare sale, don' t worry - - book
A united ticket before october 31 and you' ll still qualify
For the reward. Click here for more details of this offer:
So book your united ticket with expedia. Com now and you can
Turn a trip today into big savings on a winter getaway.
How does florida sound in january? Or phoenix in
February? Disneyland? Start your planning now and be sure
To book soon.
Expedia. Com travel team
Don' t just travel. Travel right.
P. S. One last thing: this offer is available to everyone,
But only on expedia. Com. So be sure to forward this e - mail
To anyone you think might like to get away and save money
At the same time!
* qualifying purchase must occur on expedia. Com as a u. S.
Point of sale and a minimum base fare of $150 per ticket is
Required. Qualifying nonrefundable roundtrip tickets may be
International or domestic flights on united airlines,
United shuttle, or united express (no code share or star
Alliance flights).
Qualifying tickets must be purchased on expedia. Com between
12: 01 am (est) september 12, 2000 through 11: 59 pm (est)
October 31, 2000. Qualifying travel must occur september
12, 2000 through december 15, 2000.
Reward travel must be purchased on expedia. Com between
12: 01 am (est) november 15, 2000 through 11: 59 pm (est)
December 31, 2000. Passenger must commence reward travel on
Or after december 1, 2000 and complete all travel on or
Before february 28, 2001. Reward is valid only on
Roundtrip tickets within the 48 contiguous united states,
Alaska, and canada, (hawaii, puerto rico & u. S. Virgin
Islands are excluded).
Blackout dates apply. Reward travel is not permitted on
These dates: dec 21, 22, 23, 26, 27, 30. Mileage plus
Blackout dates may also apply.
Additional restrictions apply. For more details, click here:
About this mailing: you are receiving this e - mail
Because you are a registered member of expedia. Com (r).
Your expedia (r) membership is free and your privacy
And credit card security are guaranteed.
If you do not wish to receive any further promotional
E - mails from us, please reply to this mail
With" unsubscribe" in the subject line.
Forget your user name or password? Click here:
Questions about your privacy? Read our privacy statement:
Questions about your credit card security?
Read our credit card guarantee statement:
If you have other questions, visit the expedia. Com service
Center:
We' re sorry, but we cannot reply to responses to this
E - mail. If you' d like to give us feedback, click here:
, 2000 expedia, inc. Expedia, expedia. Com, the airplane
Logo, and" don' t just travel. Travel right." are either
Registered trademarks or trademarks of expedia, inc.
In the united states and/or other countries. All rights
Reserved. Other company and product names mentioned
Herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Expedia terms of use:
This email was sent to: dfarmer@ ect. Enron. Com