Subject: I will be out next week
Imbalances:
I would like us to continue to pursue channel/el paso/tenngasco for our
Payback. They got our cashout number last week, where do they stand.
Again, I think robert is an ally and I do not want to irritate him but
Things will not get any better in the future. We need to resolve this
Imbalance. Can we net some of these contracts?
I like mary poorman' s report; however I have questions:
How can we miss black marlin so completely? Do we agree with this imbalance?
Can we net all the chevron and dynegI contracts together for payback to
Keith once we get the ar issue solved?
Where do we stand on the columbia energy resolution?
Where do we stand on the ngpl reconcilliation?
Duke energy 206 is still a problem.
Do we need all these amoco contracts they have 8, that seems like a large
Number to me, can we net some of them?
Are we charging enough for the swing we get at the paper plant on the entex
Contract?
Is there a way to keep tejas in line at southern union this winter? That
Meter will really swing then and I do not know how much line pack they have
The right to use.
Can we net the corpus christI gas marketing and all the tejas/coral/gulf
Energy/shell imbalances down? How is the reconcillitation going?
Can we smash the entex and the reliant contracts together so we can get rid
Of some of these contracts? They have 9, that seems like a lot to me.
Gulfmark is gone down the road can we check with someone about this
Contract, it seems like we should be able to net these volumes against some
Where we are owed?
Is this lone star 213 imbalance real, if so how do we resolve?
Where did the exxon imbalance come from?
Do we need 5 texaco transportation contracts, can we get rid of some?
Can we combine the vastar and the southern imbalances?
What is the webb/duval do, can we get rid of it, combine this with midcon,
How old is this imbalnce?
Mick update the compressor fuel on the p/l but the new numbers do not seem to
Translate up to the profit calculation? Can we do something about this?
I thought the imbalance report I got this wed was pretty sad. Some of the
Columns did not add and there seemed to be a lot of missing information. Can
We resolve this?
I am concerned about our capacity positons in the future, we are going to
Have to work on a better way to check our positions.
I had a meeting with tom shelton and our representative to the rrc, james
Mann, the rrc is concerned about this winter and they have asked us to
Compile a list of customers we will cut based upon the priority we filed with
The rrc several years ago. LaurI will have a copy of the priority list. We
Need to compile this list and get tom and james comfortable with the
Process. The last thing we need is the rrc hammering on us, when can we get
This list? I think we should be able to get something out of the contract
System. Jackie morgan is who I would approach.