Subject: a computer and internet connection for you and your family
As you know, technology is critical to enron; it drives our success and will
Continue to do so in the future. Technology has helped enron create new
Businesses like enron broadband services and enron net works, and it is
Responsible for applications such as enrononline and enroncredit. Com. You , ve
Seen what technology can do at work. Now we want you and your family to
Realize its benefits at home.
With that in mind, we are excited to let you know that we are introducing the
Clickathome
Program, which will give each employee a computer for use at home. Where
Technology permits, we will also subsidize an internet connection. With the
Click of a mouse, a home computer plus internet access will put a world of
Internet knowledge at your family , s fingertips.
We have just signed an agreement with dell computer corporation to provide
The computer hardware. We wanted to let you know about the program now in
Case you and your family were considering the purchase or upgrade of a home
Computer or internet connection in the next few months. The scope of
Clickathome includes the following:
? Basic package: dell desktop computer with a high - speed processor, floppy
Disk drive, mouse, speakers, monitor, modem, cd - rom drive and windows 2000
Software. Employees will have the option to receive a subsidized internet
Connection, including broadband, where commercially available.
? Participation: this program will be available to active regular full - time
And regular part - time employees of enron and its wholly owned subsidiaries;
However, employees of some enron companies (portland general electric, eott,
Enron facility services) may not be able to participate due to legal,
Accounting, tax, labor or business reasons. Eligibility includes being
Employed at the time of implementation.
? Timing: u. S. Employee sign - up will begin in early 2001, with delivery of
The equipment and internet connection to follow shortly thereafter. Delivery
Of equipment to participating non - u. S. Employees is targeted for late 2001.
Details about this program are still being finalized. To address some of
Your initial questions, we , ve posted a question - and - answer document on
Http:// clickathome. Enron. Com. We will schedule an espeak session in the near
Future where you will have an opportunity to ask questions. Or, you can
Submit your questions and comments to clickathome@ enron. Com.
We are excited to extend our investment in technology to you and your
Family. We believe this program takes communication at enron to a new level
By creating endless possibilities for you to experience and participate in
The broadband internet revolution. It is just another reason why we believe
Enron is a great place to work.