Subject: implementation of the gas message board application
Please see the following instructions for the new messenging board. If you
Have any trouble entering into this site, please let me know. Everyone
Should now be setup and ready to go. You will have to add this site to one of
Your favorites.
The gas message board application can run on both ie 5. 0 and ie 5. 5 now.
Attached is the url for user to run the application.
Http:// gasmsgboard. Dev. Corp. Enron. Com
Please feel free to forward above url to people who like to test the
Application.
Here is the steps they should do:
1) launch internet explorer
2) type: http:// gasmsgboard. Dev. Corp. Enron. Com (or just open this email and
Click on above url)
3) users should see the messages if there is any new messages for today. If
They don' t see any messages, there are two reasons:
(1) they are not valid users. Their names have not been added into the nt
Web _ gastraders group yet. Please contact chrystI hardy to add their names
Into the group.
(2) there is no new messages added yet.
4) click on" comments" button to add messages: there will be a popup window
When user clicks on" comments" button. There are two ways to send the
Messages after typing the
Messages into the text box:
(1) just simply press enter to send the message. Or
(2) click on" send" button to send the message.
5) after the message has been sent, the message will be displayed on the main
Window immediately, the rest people who are online will get the new message
In less than 30 seconds. This time can be reduced to as less as 1 second.
However, I would not recommend to reduce the time interval less than 10
Second. Because each time the browser refreshes the screen, the screen will
Be blink. Users don' t want the screen blink every second while they read the
Messages.
6) all messages will be cleaned up daily at 6: 00 pm. If they like to clean
Them up later than 6: 00 pm, please let me know. I can reset the time.
Note: right now the application is under test environment. If they like it, i
Will move it into production environment soon.
Let me know any feedbacks.
Thanks,
Fangming