Subject: houston getaways
Houston fare sale
Purchase at delta. Com by january 30
Hello mr farmer!
Take advantage of some great low fares from both hobby and bush
Intercontinental to select u. S. Cities. And because travel on these fares can
Also originate in other cities, let friends and family know how inexpensive a
Visit to houston can be. See the list of cities and fares below.
- - these fares require a 14 - day advance purchase.
- - tickets must be purchased at delta. Com by january 30, 2001.
- - travel must be completed by march 31, 2001.
- - travel between houston and cities in florida is not permitted on february
16, 23 and 25, 2001.
For additional information and to purchase a ticket:
Http:// www. Delta. Com/servlet/acredirect? Rdid = 2454 max. Stay 30 days.
Fare validity: fares are valid in the economy (coach) cabin on delta/delta
Connection/delta express flights only.
Changes/standby: all fares are nonrefundable. Prior to departure: value of
Fare may be applied to any applicable published delta fare less a $75 service
Charge ($50 for delta express). After departure: changes may be made for $75
($50 for delta express) as long as rule requirements are satisfied. Special
Offers issued on delta. Com may not be applied to other web fares. Credit
Vouchers cannot be used for payment for tickets purchased on delta. Com. Same
Day standby is allowed.
Taxes/fees: fares do not include passenger facility charge (s) of up to $18.
Miscellaneous: fares are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions
May apply. It is the responsibility of the passenger to be in possession of
All necessary documentation (e. G., valid passport, visa where applicable) at
The time of departure from origin. This offer is void where prohibited by
Law. Third party purchases of tickets are not permitted on delta. Com. The
Credit card holder making the purchase must be a traveling passenger or have
The same last name of at least one passenger. These fees are the
Responsibility of the passenger and must be paid at the time of ticketing.
Subscribe/unsubscribe
You have received this e - mail because your e - mail preferences indicate you
Would like to receive information about cities contained in this email. To
Modify your e - mail options, or unsubscribe from this service, please visit
The following link and enter your skymiles account number and pin. You will
Then be able to update your preferences in our e - mail programs section.
Copyright information
This e - mail message and its contents are copyrighted and are
Proprietary products of delta air lines, inc. Any unauthorized
Use, reproduction, or transfer of this message or its contents,
In any medium, is strictly prohibited.
This is a post only e - mail. Please do not respond to this message.
