Subject: weekly fan fares
Delta fan fares for february 3 - february 6, 2001
Hello mr farmer!
Welcome to this week' s version of delta fan fares. For the uninitiated, it' s
An incredible e - mail program for delta customers who want to get away from it
All and enjoy events and activities in cities across the country.
Before you start packing, remember that you' ll need your skymiles number,
2341930101, to take advantage of this exclusive online offer. These fares
Are for round - trip travel with a saturday departure and a return on either
Monday or tuesday.
From this week' s list, find a trip that you can' t afford to miss. Then follow
This link to purchase your delta ticket online:
Professional basketball
Purchase a fan fare and support your favorite basketball team on the road
This coming weekend.
Charlotte at phoenix
- - charlotte, nc (clt) phoenix, az (phx) - $178
Cleveland at boston
- - cleveland, oh (cle) boston, ma (bos) - $128
Denver at washington
- - denver, co (den) washington national, dc (dca) - $168
Indiana at milwaukee
- - indianapolis, in (ind) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $88
New york at miami
- - new york - kennedy, ny (jfk) miami, fl (mia) - $148
Golden state at dallas
- - oakland, ca (oak) dallas - fort worth, tx (dfw) - $168
Portland at los angeles (clippers)
- - portland, or (pdx) los angeles, ca (lax) - $138
Seattle at utah
- - seattle, wa (sea) salt lake city, ut (slc) - $128
Professional hockey
The all - star game is in denver this sunday. Come see the league' s best
Players heat up the ice.
- - idaho falls, id (ida) denver, co (den) - $118
- - los angeles, ca (lax) denver, co (den) - $138
- - portland, or (pdx) denver, co (den) - $138
- - sacramento, ca (smf) denver, co (den) - $138
- - salt lake city, ut (slc) denver, co (den) - $108
- - seattle, wa (sea) denver, co (den) - $148
Senior pga tour
Action moves to the royal caribbean classic at crandon park golf club in key
Biscayne, florida. Enjoy some golf while spending the weekend in the south
Florida sun.
- - new york - kennedy, ny (jfk) miami, fl (mia) - $148
- - tallahassee, fl (tlh) miami, fl (mia) - $118
Arts and entertainment
Fan fares gives you the chance to spend some time in a city you might not
Otherwise visit. This weekend, enjoy yourself in milwaukee.
Travel to milwaukee
A friendly city with a decidedly sophisticated air, this midwestern gem
Offers plenty of art and cultural events, nightlife, and beautiful lakeside
Parks. And there' s plenty to do indoors in milwaukee, so don' t let the
February weather keep you away.
In addition to the professional basketball action on saturday night (indiana
Comes to town to play milwaukee), here' s a few other ideas to get your
Planning started.
The haggerty museum of art
Located on the western end of downtown on the marquette university campus,
The museum' s collection includes works by dali, chagall and man ray. You' ll
Also find an impressive collection of sculpture and contemporary glass.
The milwaukee public museum
This museum of human and natural history is one of the nation' s best and
Often sets the standard for similar institutions. Everyone in the family will
Enjoy the engaging exhibits. You' ll find 150, 000 square feet of exhibit
Space, through which you' ll be able to visit all of the world' s continents.
Find the museum and the humphrey imax dome theater at 800 west wells street.
- - atlanta, ga (atl) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $128
- - birmingham, al (bhm) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $128
- - charleston, sc (chs) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $138
- - cincinnati, oh (cvg) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $98
- - huntsville, al (hsv) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $128
- - jackson, ms (jan) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $138
- - jacksonville, fl (jax) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $138
- - lexington, ky (lex) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $108
- - little rock, ar (lit) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $128
- - macon, ga (mcn) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $138
- - montgomery, al (mgm) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $138
- - nashville, tn (bna) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $118
- - new york - la guardia, ny (lga) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $138
- - pensacola, fl (pns) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $138
- - washington - national, dc (dca) milwaukee, wI (mke) - $128
Your weekend starts here!
Want to take advantage of any of these great delta fan fares? Click below!
Delta reservations
To make delta reservations from delta' s home page, visit:
Fares do not include a $2. 75 federal excise tax which will be imposed on each
Flight segment of your itinerary. A flight segment is defined as a takeoff
And a landing.
Service: some services may be provided by the delta connection carriers:
Atlantic coast jet, atlantic southeast airlines, comair and skywest.
Terms and conditions
Restrictions: seats are limited and fares may not be available on all days or
All flights.
Purchase requirements: fares must be purchased via delta' s web site
(delta. Com) only.
Ticketing period: tickets must be purchased by 02/03/01.
Travel period: outbound travel is permitted on saturday 02/03/01 only.
Inbound travel is permitted on monday 02/05/01 or tuesday 02/06/01 only.
Blackout dates: none.
Minimum/maximum stay: minimum stay: saturday night. Maximum stay: 3 days.
Fare validity: fares are valid in the economy (coach) cabin on delta/delta
Connection/delta express. All fares are round trip.
Changes/upgrades/standby: all fares are nonrefundable. Changes - prior to
Departure: value of fare may be applied to any applicable published delta
Fare less a $75 service charge. After departure: no changes are permitted.
Special offers issued on delta' s web site may not be applied to other web
Fares on delta. Com. Credit vouchers cannot be used for payment for tickets
Purchased on delta. Com. Same day standby is allowed.
Taxes/fees: fares do not include government imposed transportation taxes and
Other applicable fees, including segment fees ($2. 75 per segment), and
Passenger facility charge (s) of up to $18. These fees are the responsibility
Of the passenger and must be paid at the time of ticketing.
Miscellaneous: fares are subject to change without notice. Other restrictions
May apply.
Subscribe/unsubscribe
You have received this e - mail because your e - mail preferences indicate you
Would like to receive delta fan fares information. To modify your e - mail
Options, or unsubscribe from this service, please visit the following link
And enter your skymiles account number and pin. You will then be able to
Update your preferences in our e - mail programs section.
Copyright information
This e - mail message and its contents are copyrighted and are
Proprietary products of delta air lines, inc. Any unauthorized
Use, reproduction, or transfer of this message or its contents,
In any medium, is strictly prohibited.
This is a post only e - mail. Please do not respond to this message.
