Subject: =? AnsI _ x 3. 4 - 1968? Q? New _ employee _ service _ = 01) _ turbo _ tax? =
As tax season rapidly approaches, we are pleased to announce a new w - 2
Employee service. If you plan to file your personal income taxes through
Turbotax 2000 (intuit' s personal tax filing software) you will be able to
Automatically download your w - 2 information into the appropriate turbotax
Forms directly over the internet for free.
Enron has chosen to provide this service to help speed the processing time
And accuracy of your return while supporting paperless processing.
More information regarding this service is listed below or visit
Www. Probusinesstaxes. Com to find out more about the turbotax software and
Web - based filing service.
Employee fact sheet: probusiness/intuit w - 2 service
Q. What is the automated tax return (atr) service?
A. Intuit inc., makers of the popular quicken turbotax tax preparation and
Filing software, have launched a new automated tax return (atr) service to
Simplify tax preparation for turbotax users. Atr allows users of turbotax tax
Preparation and filing software to import tax information from multiple
Sources such as employers, brokerage houses, and mutual fund companies
Directly into the correct turbotax forms over the internet. Since our
Payroll tax provider, probusiness, has partnered with intuit to provide this
Service, you will be able to electronically download your individual w - 2 data
From probusiness directly into turbotax through the internet for free. Also,
As part of this program, you can receive a 5% discount on all turbotax and
Quicken products including shipping and handling (go to
Www. Probusinesstaxes. Com for more information).
Q. So how does it work?
A. Embedded in each version of turbotax 2000 (both the software and web
Application) is a series of screens that will ask whether your employer
Allows you to automatically download your data into turbotax. To use the
Free service, simply answer" yes" then select our payroll tax provider,
Probusiness, from a drop - down list of providers which includes probusiness,
Peoplesoft, ceridian, and seemyw 2. Com. Validate your request by entering
Your social security number and w - 2 box one data and your w - 2 data will
Automatically transfer via the internet into the appropriate locations in the
Turbotax form.
Q. Is this a secure transaction?
A. Intuit , s turbotax atr service combines open financial exchange (ofx), the
Standard technology used in e - finance, with 128 - bit military - grade encryption
To create an advanced security protocol that ensures the highest level of
Security and confidentiality when obtaining financial data to populate your
Turbotax form over the internet.
Q. How do I participate in this program?
A. Only employees using intuit , s turbotax 2000 tax preparation and filing
Software can take advantage of this web - based atr service. Turbotax software
And the atr web - based filing service can be accessed at
Www. Probusinesstaxes. Com.
Q. What if I already own turbotax 2000  (does this still work?
A. Yes, all copies of turbotax 2000 contain the automated tax return service
Option.
Q. Overall what are the benefits to me?
A. Using the atr service provided by intuit and probusiness, you can:
? Increase your probability of accurate filing.
? Eliminate the need to manually enter your w - 2 information and other
Financial data.
? Increase the overall speed of tax filing.