Subject: organizational announcement
Enron global markets ended the year with a great deal of momentum and with
Very high expectations for 2001. In order to better focus and expand the
Various businesses within global markets, we are pleased to announce the
Following organizational changes.
Crude and products
This group is being re - organized into product lines in order to better focus
And maximize coverage and increase our market - making abilities. The
Following individuals leading these groups report directly to john nowlan.
Global crude oil
Don schroeder and bill white will manage our global crude oil books. Don , s
Emphasis will be on the development and expansion of our physical crude
Positions both domestically and abroad. Bill will manage the various
Financial crude positions globally and will focus on developing these books.
Distillate
Chris mahoney will have responsibility of all distillate positions. Chris
Will focus on developing our global distillate strategy, building the
Business both physically and financially.
Global fuel oil
Niamh clarke will expand her role managing our global fuel oil and resid
Positions. Emphasis will be placed on re - establishing enron in the financial
Fuel market in the us and developing a physical fuel strategy.
Global gasoline and components
Jim goughary will assume responsibility for our global gasoline and
Components business. Following up on our expansion into the european market
In 2000, we look forward to jim expanding our presence in the us as well as
Asian markets.
Global lpg
Erik hansen and adam gross will be responsible for the development and
Execution of our global lpg trading and strategy. Under their guidance we
Look to expand our presence into the asian pacific markets, as well as
Continuing to grow our us and european operations.
Petrochemical and plastics
Stuart bland and douglas friedman will be responsible for the continued
Development and growth of our petrochemical and plastics business. They will
Work to further expand both our physical and financial presence in these
Markets.
Fuel management
Doug leach will continue in his role developing our fuel management business
As well as other long - term structural transactions.
Global origination
Randy maffett has joined the group to lead, develop and grow all global
Origination activities for the group. Randy , s most recent assignment was in
Restructuring several equity investments for ena.
Enron freight
This new group under the leadership of dan reck is developing a business in
The inter - modal transportation area in the united states. Shawn cumberland
Has joined this group to lead and expand the origination opportunities in
This business. Shawn , s most recent assignment was as coo of the calme region.
Global risk management
Jere overdyke has elected to leave enron after almost 10 years of service.
Per sekse will take over the leadership of this very exciting and growing
Business. Per is located in enron , s new york office but will be spending a
Significant amount of his time in houston.
We look forward to this year and feel the above changes will provide the
Focus and momentum we need to deliver a record performance in 2001.
Please congratulate everyone on their new assignments.