Subject: organizational changes
Enron is forming a new organization - - the enron xcelerator - - to drive the
Formation and development of new businesses at enron. Enron' s unique ability
To start and develop new businesses has driven most of our growth over the
Years. Lou l. Pai, currently chairman and ceo of enron energy services, will
Lead the xcelerator. Over his years at enron, lou has been key to the
Creation and rapid growth of our wholesale gas, wholesale power and energy
Service businesses. The existing business units will continue their
Development of core businesses, while the xcelerator will be responsible for
Developing new business opportunities that are natural extensions of enron' s
Business model and core skills, but not currently under development elsewhere
In enron.
Dave delainey, currently president and ceo of enron americas, will become
Chairman and ceo of enron energy services. Dave brings a wealth of
Experience and accomplishment from enron wholesale services' businesses where
He led the growth of our canadian business and our north american origination
Activity and, most recently, had a great year in enron americas.
Dave is forming an office of the chairman in ees. Joining dave in the office
Of the chairman are dan leff, president of ees, global energy services, and
Marty sunde, president of ees, global marketing and services. Dan and marty
Have been instrumental in the development and execution of the successful ees
Business model. Also joining the office of the chairman of ees is janet
Dietrich as chief operating officer. Janet, currently is managing director
In enron americas, where she has been successful in many of enron wholesale' s
Core businesses, including gas trading, risk management and structural
Origination. Tom white will continue as vice chairman of ees and will focus
On the development and expansion of ees' customer relationships. Lou, tom,
Dan, marty and the entire ees organization have developed a great business
Model with great growth prospects. Ees has become an essential part of
Enron' s market valuation and growth story. This new leadership structure
Will enable ees to continue on its path of sustained growth and increasing
Profitability.
John lavorato will succeed dave as president and ceo of enron americas. John
Has been an essential part of enron' s energy trading success over the years
And is a key part of enron wholesale services' continuing success story.
Joining john is louise kitchen, currently president and ceo of enron
Networks. Louise, who accelerated enron' s outstanding growth with the
Deployment of enrononline, will take over as chief operating officer of enron
Americas.
Philippe bibi, currently chief operating officer of enron networks will take
Over as president and ceo of enron networks. Under philippe' s leadership,
Enron has become a technology leader and the leading e - commerce company.
Joining philippe as chief operating officer is greg piper, currently managing
Director of enron networks. Greg currently leads enron network' s origination
Activity and was responsible for the creation and deployment of clickpaper,
Enron' s successful online pulp and paper marketplace.
Please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their
Achievements and their new responsibilities.