Subject: freedom???
Bammelyoungfamilies
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Start your own free email list at http:// www. Listbot. Com/links/joinlb
This is a statement that was read over the pa system at the football game
At roane county high school, kingston, tennessee by school principal jody
Mcloud, on september 1, 2000. I thought it was worth sharing with the
World, and hope you will forward it to all your friends. It clearly shows
Just how far this country has gone in the wrong direction.
" it has always been the custom at roane county high school football games
To say a prayer and play the national anthem to honor god and country.
Due to a recent ruling by the supreme court, I am told that saying a prayer
Is a violation of federal case law.
As I understand the law at this time, I can use this public facility to
Approve of sexual perversion and call it an alternate lifestyle, and if
Someone is offended, that' s ok.
I can use it to condone sexual promiscuity by dispensing condoms and
Calling it safe sex. If someone is offended, that' s ok.
I can even use this public facility to present the merits of killing an
Unborn baby as a viable means of birth control. If someone is offended, no
Problem.
I can designate a school day as earth day and involve students in
Activities to religiously worship and praise the goddess, mother earth,
And call it ecology.
I can use literature, videos and presentations in the classroom that depict
People with strong, traditional christian convictions as simple minded and
Ignorant and call it enlightenment.
However, if anyone uses this facility to honor god and ask him to bless
This event with safety and good sportsmanship, federal case law is
Violated.
This appears to be inconsistent at best, and at worst, diabolical.
Apparently, we are to be tolerant of everything and anyone except god and
His commandments.
Nevertheless, as a school principal, I frequently ask staff and students to
Abide by rules which they do not necessarily agree. For me to do otherwise
Would be inconsistent at best, and at worst, hypocritical. I suffer from
That affliction enough unintentionally. I certainly do not need to add an
Intentional transgression.
For this reason, I shall," render unto caesar that which is caesar' s," and
Refrain from praying at this time. However, if you feel inspired to honor,
Praise and thank god, and ask him in the name of jesus to bless this event,
Please feel free to do so. As far as I know, that' s not against the law -
Yet."
And... One by one, the people in the stands bowed their heads, held hands
With one another, and began to pray. They prayed in the stands. They prayed
In the team huddles. They prayed at the concession stand. And they prayed
In the announcer' s box. The only place they didn' t pray was in the supreme
Court of the united states of america - the seat of" justice" in the one
Nation under god.
Somehow, kingston, tennessee, remembered what so many have forgotten... We
Are given the freedom of religion, not the freedom from religion.
Praise god that his remnant remains!
Let' s celebrate jesus in 2001
Jesus said," if you are ashamed of me, I will be ashamed of you before my
Father."
- - - - - - - - -
If you are not ashamed, pass this on... But only if you mean it.
Yes, I do love god. He is my source of existence and savior. He keeps me
Functioning each and every day. Without him, I will be nothing. Without
Him, I am nothing but with him, I can do all things through christ that
Strengthens me. Phil 4: 13
Geoff gayle
Synergy oil & gas, inc.
Office: (713) 461 - 6626 x. 113
Fax: (713) 461 - 4475
Email: ggayle@ synergyog. Com
To unsubscribe, write to - unsubscribe@ listbot. Com