Subject: nesa/hea' s 24 th annual meeting
Saddle up for nesa/hea' s 24 th annual meeting
" deep in the heart of texas"
September 9 - 11, 2001
Hyatt regency hill country resort
San antonio, texas
The annual meeting planning committee has put together an outstanding
Program for your review. It is attached below in an adobe acrobat pdf file
- if you have problems with the attachment please call nesa/hea
Headquarters at (713) 856 - 6525 and we' ll mail or fax a copy out immediately.
General session topics include:
* will tomorrow' s restructured electric infrastructure support
Tomorrow' s economy?
* power deregulation panel: developer/ipp, utility/transmission, power
Marketer, government, retail
* power demand
* the state of the energy industry
* new political administration - impact on energy policy and
Environment
Networking opportunities:
* opening reception - sunday, september 9
* golf tournament & tours of area attractions - monday, september 10
The hyatt regency hill country resort has a limited block of rooms available
For nesa/hea members and guests - be sure to check page 6 for lodging
Information and make your reservation as soon as possible.
We hope that you take this opportunity to meet with your colleagues and
Customers in this relaxing yet professional environment to exchange ideas on
Matters of importance covering a broad spectrum of subjects. The annual
Meeting agenda includes timely issues presented by knowledgeable industry
Leaders who will discuss formidable and thought provoking issues affecting
The energy industry today.
Please take a moment to review the attached brochure. Nesa/hea encourages
And appreciates you taking the time to pass the brochure on to industry
Personnel who would benefit from participating at this conference.
Nesa/hea' s 24 th annual meeting
Educating the energy professional
To unsubscribe from the nesa/hea member email blast list please respond to
This email with the word unsubscribe typed into the subject field. This
Will preclude you from receiving any email blasts in the future, but hard
Copies of the material will be sent to your attention.
>
- 512 _ nesa 2001 annlmtgjam. Pdf