Subject: valero rfp and gas data
Daren,
Tom martin wanted me to send you this info regarding the valero rfp that janet has as well. Gas data is on the excel sheet, rfp in the word document has pipeline interconnects in appendix d. If you have any questions, don' t hesitate to call me.
Thanks,
Larry jester
Enron power marketing inc.
Phone: 713 - 853 - 5266
Fax: 713 - 646 - 8272
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: jester, larry
Sent: thursday, june 21, 2001 9: 39 am
To: wallis, janet h.
Cc: ahn, chris
Subject: fw: valero' s confidential natural gas consumption data
Janet,
I' m working with chris on the valero rfp. Here is the 2000 data for valero' s gas consumption. David dyck at valero did indicate that they would prefer one single supplier for the corpus christI #2 facility in particular.
Thanks,
Larry jester
Enron power marketing inc.
Phone: 713 - 853 - 5266
Fax: 713 - 646 - 8272
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From:@ enron [mailto: imceanotes - + 3 cdyckd + 40 valero + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron@ enron. Com]
Sent: thursday, june 21, 2001 8: 12 am
To: jester, larry; buerkle, jim
Subject: valero' s confidential natural gas consumption data
Larry and jim,
Thank you for expressing your interest in responding to valero energy
Corporation' s request for proposals for natural gas supplies. Please find
Attached a file containing daily consumption data for most of valero' s
Major facilities in texas, california and new jersey. Certain other smaller
Accounts such as valero' s asphalt plants in california and texas are not
Represented at this time. In lieu of daily data for these accounts, valero
Intends to provide summary level data in the near future. Daily data for
The clearlake methanol plant will be provided at a later date when it
Becomes available. In the meantime, please refer to the rfp for the summary
Data and associated discussion regarding the market environment for
Domestic methanol production.
Please treat the provided data as confidential per the confidentiality
Agreement executed between valero and your company. Power use data has been
Sent via overnight mail. As questions arise, please send them to my
Attention.
Thanks,
Dave
(see attached file: valero _ facilities _ natgas. Xls)
- valero _ facilities _ natgas. Xls [larry jester]