Subject: fw: a weygandt, andrew; glover, rusty; beard, jaime;
Woodson, todd; ratzman, eric; eckermann, derrek; walker, sam
Subject: fw: a & m and espn
For immediate release
June 26, 2001
Espn to launch sidelines network' s second reality - based series to
Premiere with texas a & m football
Espn will launch a 13 - episode, prime - time series this fall entitled
Sidelines, the network' s second reality - based title under the espn
Original
Entertainment (eoe) banner. Sidelines will document the season of a
Prominent team as told through the eyes and ears of the less visible,
Less
Celebrated people who are involved with the team. The football aggies
Of
Texas a & m will be the focus of the series' premiere episodes to begin
October 5.
" coach slocum and I made the decision to be a part of this exciting
Venture
With espn," texas a & m athletics director wally groff said." we couldn' t
Be
More thrilled that espn has chosen texas a & m for this series. The
Opportunity espn gave us to showcase this wonderful institution and all
Of
Its tradition and heritage is something we could not pass up."
In a" docu - drama" style, the various stories that surround the team will
Be
Explored through the voices and actions of people whose day - to - day lives
Are
Directly affected by living in the town and/or going to the school.
Players
And coaches will also be visible and heard from in a more peripheral
Fashion, but will not be the primary focus.
" this is a good opportunity for texas a & m university and we' re delighted
Espn decided to feature the football program and some of the people
Behind
The scenes," head coach r. C. Slocum said." we look forward to working
With
Them."
The participants will be drawn from a cross section of people who
Reflect
Every aspect of the university and college station, texas. They will be
Students, faculty, media, local storeowners, mothers, fathers and some
Of
The high school seniors who aspire to attend the university.
" each person has a role to play with the team, as well as a personal
Story,"
Said mark shapiro, vice president and general manager, espn original
Entertainment." sidelines will see each person grow in character as the
Season progresses - - a kind of' soap - umentary.' we' ll weave the smaller
Personal stories together through the bigger story of the progression
And
Fate of the team and its season."
Sidelines: texas a & m storylines
- - this is the 125 th anniversary of the school' s founding (1876).
- - the community is still very much dealing with the 1999 bonfire
Collapse
Which tragically killed 12 students almost two years ago. A 90 - year
Tradition came to a tumultuous end. Dealing with the loss and the
Emotional
Toll it took on faculty members, students and families will be an
Important
Part of this series. The bonfire will return in 2002 but will take on a
Different form than has been tradition.
- - texas a & m, who lost a wild, snowy independence bowl last year in
Overtime
To mississippI state 43 - 41, will play notre dame (at home), texas,
Oklahoma,
Kansas st and colorado next year. A tough schedule will provide for
Great
Drama.
- - the school invented the phrase" 12 th man" and actually owns the
Trademark.
One game, the aggies were low on players and had a student suit up and
Stand
Ready just in case he was needed. Ever since, a student is chosen for
Every
Home game to suit up and play on the kickoff team.
- - billy pickard is in charge of maintaining the facilities. He' s been at
The
University for 36 years and was the student trainer for bear bryant' s
A & m
Team. He was actually in junction, texas for bryant' s infamous grueling
Summer camp. The story of it was a best - selling book, the junction boys.
- - at midnight on the friday night before every home game, a"
30, 000
Fans show up each week for this time - honored tradition.
Eoe, the newest franchise of espn programming, will develop a
Wide - variety
Of branded programming outside of the network' s traditional event and
Sports
News genres. Using a collection of vehicles - - game shows, documentaries
Or
Reality - based shows - it' s espn' s goal to broaden its audience by
Appealing
To younger and casual sports fans. In addition, the company is
Exploring
New ways to connect with consumers by applying these projects across all
Platforms of the espn family - television, internet, radio
- atm -