Subject: fw: new products
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: meredith, kevin
Sent: monday, october 01, 2001 2: 43 pm
To: baumbach, david
Subject: new products
Please review the following description of the product you requested. I created" day ahead"," day ahead + 1", and" balance of month" reference periods the this index/location. I will activate these products this evening pending your response. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Us gas phy index gd/d waha 02 octol usd/mm
A us gas transaction with enron north america corp., under which seller shall sell and buyer shall purchase a quantity of natural gas equal to the daily contract quantity at the contract price on a firm basis. The contract price shall be derived from the index, as adjusted by the price submitted by counterparty via the website. The period of delivery shall be from the effective date through the termination date.
The term of the transaction shall correspond to the date (s) set forth in the product description on the website.
The transaction is for the buyer' s receipt of gas at the pg oasis (meter #504 - 383); transwestern pipeline (meter #531 - 350); koch midstream (meter #504 - 259); pget accounting (meter #504 - 481). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the general terms and conditions, if applicable, this transaction is between counterparty and enron north america corp.
The fixed price shall be the price submitted by counterparty on the website. The index for a calendar day shall be the daily midpoint price published for such calendar day under the heading" daily price survey" in the permian basin area: tex intras, waha area section of gas daily, or if a calendar day is not a business day then the price for such calendar day will be the daily midpoint price published on the next succeeding business day.
The price is quoted in us dollars per unit of volume, which will be the contractual currency.
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be millions of british thermal units and the quantity shown shall be in millions of btus per day.
Kevin meredith
Enrononline
(713) 853 - 9555