Subject: gisb ir meeting notes
Gisb ir meeting - 11 - 13 & 14, 2001
Summary:
Finalized the transactional information (ft, it, and capacity release). This information will be access via the upload of a request for download of posted datasets. Majority of the two days was spent developing the data dictionary for the new producer imbalance statement. The producer imbalance statement is not a mandatory dataset. Exxon was the only producer present.
Detailed notes:
Informational reporting
Where should the reporting be located in the gisb books for the it & ft reporting?
? In cap release books
? General book
? It & ft into noms and cap release into cap release
? Create a new book called reports
? If we create a new book, we will have to do an executive summary.
Should reside in capacity release book since the upload request for a download of posted dataset is the request document.
Update the upload of a request for download of posted datasets to include code values and technical implementation to support the request for transaction information it, ft, and capacity release datasets.
? Add"? Withdrawals, or and transactional reports" to technical implementation.
? Add code value," transaction information firm"
? Add code value," transaction information interruptible"
? Add code value," transaction information - capacity release"
Update the response to upload of a request for download of posted datasets to include code values to support the request for transaction information it, ft, and capacity release datasets.
? Add code value," transaction information firm"
? Add code value," transaction information interruptible"
? Add code value," transaction information - capacity release"
Executive summary for capacity release, under the capacity release process/datasets/edI transaction section modified with the below:
? Add the it & ft reporting datasets under the mandatory datasets in alphabetical order
? Page 4 of executive summary - add new section describing the dataset.
Title: transactional information - transactional information consisting of reports from a tsp provider detailing information for new or amended transportation service or capacity release transaction. These reports are requested through the use of a upload of a request for download of posted datasets and response to upload of a request for download of posted datasets.
? Business process and practices, under overview
O first paragraph" capacity release reports consists of the following datasets:?. The transactional information - interruptible, the transactional information - firm, and transactional information - capacity release
Voting:
? Put together a rec form and data dictionaries and bring back next meeting and vote.
Producer imbalance statement exxonmobil work paper - in progress
? Not a mandatory document
? One account per point.
? Modify contact person data to preparer contact person data
? Cumulative imbalance changed to ending imbalance quantity
? Current month entitlement - quantity of gas each interest owner is entitled to take of the total production deliveries
? Current month imbalance changed to current month quantity
? Interest owner data - the entity with ownership interest in the gas.
? Interest owner - hold for resolution r 97058 b for the condition
? Interest owner name - hold for resolution of r 97058 b.
? Interest owner proprietary code - hold for resolution of r 97058 b.
? Prior period adjustment - changed usage from condition to mandatory. Condition = default is zero. (in order words if a prior period is not present, send a zero.)
? Production delivery - quantity of gas delivered to a location for a interest owner based on location operator' s allocation statement.
? Interest owner decimal changed interest owner percentage - percentage of gas owned by the interest owner. Usage - mandatory.
? Add - transportation service provider data group - at detail level.
? Add - transportation service provider data element = a code value that uniquely identifies the tsp. Mandatory.
? Add - transportation service provide name. Mandatory.
? Grand total all tsp' s = the total of all production deliveries made to all tsps from a given location. Mandatory.
? Total tsp = the total of all production deliveries made to a specified tsp from a given location. Detail. Mandatory.
? Ending imbalance qty = cumulative imbalance for an interest owner delivered to a tsp. #20
? Current month entitlement - a quantity of gas each interest owner is entitled to take of the grand total - all tsp for a given tsp. #16
? Interest owner percentage - percentage of the gas owned by the interest owner dedicated to specified tsp.
? Add discussion to the tibp the definition of ppi. PpI is related to interest owner percentage. PpI is the portion of the production interest dedicated to a tsp.
? Field - #6 we don' t currently support this location information in any other gisb documents. It is derivable from the location.
? County - #6 we don' t currently support this location information in any other
? Gisb documents. It is derivable from the location.
? State - #6 we don' t currently support this location information in any other gisb documents. It is derivable from the location.
? Move location data to header level.
? Location operator - party recognized as the operator of record for the location.
? Location operator - proprietary code - hold for r 97058 b
? Move statement basis data to header. If one line time is adjusted or estimated, it impacts the whole allocation.
? Statement recipient id * - hold for r 97058
? Cumulative ending imbalance qty (new) - #26 cumulative imbalance qty for the current period for an interest owner delivered to all tsps. Mandatory. Detail.
? Cumulative imbalance qty (new) #24 cumulative imbalance qty for the current period for an interest owner. Mandatory. Detail.
Tammy lee - jaquet
713 - 853 - 5375
Tammy. Jaquet@ enron. Com