Subject: re: killing ena to ena deals in sitara
Mark:
Here is a list of the 66 physical deals that were zeroed out from december 15 onwards las night.
There were also many financial deals that were killed, but I hope that does not matter to unify.
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: mcclure, mark
Sent: thursday, december 13, 2001 5: 11 pm
To: jaquet, tammy; krishnaswamy, jayant
Cc: pena, matt; superty, robert; wynne, rita; pinion, richard; farmer, daren j.; heal, kevin; kinsey, lisa; lamadrid, victor; smith, george f.; sullivan, patti
Subject: re: killing ena to ena deals in sitara
Jay,
Let' s not assume what impact this will have. Even though it is better to zero out deals we (vm) wouldn' t want to go in and zero out 2000 deals.
We do have a few questions.
I would like to discuss what minimal impact is? How do you know what impact this will have? Is there a reason this will have little impact? Do all of these d 2 d deals have zero volume associated with them?
Who decided to do this?
Why are we doing this?
What time span are we talking (production months/year)
Let' s determine the impact if any?
I would like to meet with you guys and get more detail on why we are doing this and determine the impact?
Thanks,
M. M.
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: jaquet, tammy
Sent: thursday, december 13, 2001 4: 29 pm
To: krishnaswamy, jayant
Cc: pena, matt; superty, robert; mcclure, mark; wynne, rita; pinion, richard; farmer, daren j.; heal, kevin; kinsey, lisa; lamadrid, victor; smith, george f.; sullivan, patti
Subject: re: killing ena to ena deals in sitara
Importance: high
Jay,
If a deal is killed it poses a problem for us in unify if there are any paths associated with the deal; therefore, we request the deals be zeroed out. Call me if this is a problem. Also, we would appreciate further details on why these deals are being killed.
In addition, I have copied rita and mark from volume management for their input.
Regards,
Tammy
X 35375
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: pena, matt
Sent: thursday, december 13, 2001 3: 39 pm
To: krishnaswamy, jayant; pinion, richard; jaquet, tammy
Cc: severson, russ; truong, dat; aybar, luis; ma, felicia
Subject: re: killing ena to ena deals in sitara
Thanks jay!
Tammy/richard:
You may want to let the schedulers know, although they may already.
- - - - - original message - - - - -
From: krishnaswamy, jayant
Sent: thursday, december 13, 2001 3: 38 pm
To: pinion, richard; jaquet, tammy
Cc: severson, russ; pena, matt; truong, dat; aybar, luis; ma, felicia
Subject: killing ena to ena deals in sitara
Richars/tammy:
We will be killing about 2000 deals in sitara tonight. Whenever a deal is touched in sitara, it will bridge over to unify. These are desk 2 desk deals, and should have minimal impact on you.